{'hummus and vegetable sticks (eg. carrots, peppers, cucumber)\nyoghurt, nut butter and honey\ndates and peanut butter \ncucumber slices and cottage or cream cheese': 462, 'cucumber slices with cream cheese is tops! sliced thin on whole wheat bread slightly toasted also. yum!': 103, 'add some fresh dill to take it to the next level': 22, 'yes!! i love dill! i make salmon with dill, olive oil, salt, pepper, butter and lemon. it’s my favorite! i’ll add this next time, thanks for the idea!!': 3, 'or everything bagel seasoning!': 2, 'also great on ritz crackers, with any number of seasonings on top - old bay, cayenne, tarragon, or maybe everything but the bagel': 6, "for those wondering, this is the basis for classic english tea's cucumber sandwiches, though afaik they weren't usually toasted.": 2, 'you are correct! we had a “proper” english tea when i spent the summer in england (pre-covid) a few times a week and this was always served. i just like my cream cheese a little melty so i toast it. i figure the us will let it slide!': 2, 'omg, hummus with carrot and celery sticks. especially the various delicious flavours of hummus': 3, 'cucumbers and cottage cheese, aka nachos flanders style!': 2, 'hummus and bell peppers one of my favorites!': 2, 'squash chips and hummus, or salsa, or guacamole, i like to slice squash and sprinkle garlic, salt and pepper (or taco seasoning) on it then put them in the dehydrator to make a pretty nice chip replacement.': 2, 'that sounds so good!': 2, 'salsa and squash chips is a great guilt free snack, you are eating nothing but vegetables when you do.\n\ntried the same with eggplant, did not work, it never really gets crunchy, zucchini works pretty good, though.': 2, 'once someone told me about broccoli, carrots and cauliflowers with hummus, and... omg, it is so damn good, it was a huge game changer for me.': 2, 'ok i mixed all of that up nice and smooth, now what i just eat it?': 1, 'pizza pops and tzatziki\n\nwait healthy... uh, celery': 1, 'forgot the celery.': 1, 'cream cheese and cucumbers on white bread- tea style.': 1, 'i’d like the add hummus and pretzel crisps': 1, "if you don't mind carbs, hummus and grissini, especially the non-white flour variants, also work well. olive grissini and hummus has been one of my favorite tv snacks recently.": 1, '[deleted]': 1, 'i used to make this a couple times a week, but i’d use that amazing thick balsamic glaze from trader joe’s.. so so so good.. sometimes i’d spring for burrata too\n\n*edit: for context the original now deleted comment above was “mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, balsamic”': 96, 'i count calories, olive oil in a spray bottle is fantastic. covers the food very nicely.': 11, "i've tried to do this with a spray bottle myself, but i never get a fine mist, just fat droplets that don't evenly cover well...": 1, 'i use one of those water mist type bottles from the $2 shop. works very well.': 1, 'try it on watermelon! it’s excellent.': 2, 'honey + balsamic vinegar = cheap, easy, fresh balsamic glaze': 26, 'honey, balsamic and pomegranate molasses, stick in a pan over low heat for about ten minutes and eventually you will make a glaze only fit for the gods': 5, 'you can add different fruits or herbs too.\n\nmy favorite fruits are: cherries, blackberries, strawberries, peaches. herbs: thyme, rosemary, oregano, fennel. pick one or try a combo!': 4, 'mmmm going to try, thanks': 1, 'omg that sounds spectacular, have to try this!!': 1, 'best stuff is always in the comments.': 1, 'i use the glaze on mine too! love that stuff': 2, "i loooove the tj's balsamic glaze. definitely a staple!": 2, 'balsamic glaze is the most underrated condiment.': 2, "what was it? they've deleted all their comments!": 1, 'oh strange i wonder why!!! looks like the whole account deleted — but the original comment was just: “mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, balsamic” \n\nhonestly i don’t even bother with the basil unless i’m growing it lol - but yeah just basic caprese :)': 1, "don't forget the evoo and salt/pepper, no good caprese is complete without it": 80, 'agreed, although i prefer no pepper': 1, "if it's caprese, skip the pepper and balsamic.": 1, 'can also swap the basil for some nice avocado <3': 9, 'why not both ? 🤷\u200d♂️': 4, 'i like the way you think': 1, 'you forgot the olive oil, sea salt and black pepper': 2, 'hint for the pros: balsamic vinegar from supermarkets in trash. it is basically colored white vinegar. real balsamic vinegar cost 4 times the price but you need half as much (still costs double) but damn it is worth it!': 2, 'open faced tomato basil and honey grilled cheese w cheddar and gruyere is a nice alternative here. thanks rachel ray': 2, 'if you’re really hungry, just add noodles. also easy, and filling.': 0, "yeah screw olive oil, it's not like it ever made food better anyway": -1, 'this has been my breakfast almost everyday for a year. except i swap the mozz for red onion and cukes.': 1, 'caprese insalata': 1, 'sometimes i use provolone + grana padano for more flavor. usually you can get them cheap too': 1, 'and capers': 1, 'mozzarella, tomato, basil, balsamic *reduction*\n \nplus good evoo, sea salt, and black pepper if you need it.': 1, 'greek yogurt and blueberries is my favorite': 1565, 'love this. i also usually add raspberries and granola.': 271, 'making your own granola is hella easy, tasty, and you can control the sugar much better than store-bought (also cheaper!)\n\nit also makes your kitchen smell amazing': 2, "my mil eats this for breakfast every morning. greek yogurt, granola mix, frozen blueberries. it's delicious!": 2, 'and a dollop of honey': 2, 'walnuts or thin sliced almond. craisins for flair': 2, 'and a shot of redi whip!': -2, 'same here, but with chocolate chips too. it’s my go-to breakfast most days': 1, 'i read "granola" as "grapes" and thought that you were some sort of monster.': 1, 'greek yogurt is amazing with almost every fruit. top tier food pairing': 220, 'and so healthy.': 41, "lotttt of added sugar sometimes though. i like siggi's for this reason": 5, "it's pretty easy to make your own greek yogurt at home. tastes better too.": 3, '[removed]': 1, "yeah!! forgot to mention it but granola is amazing. i can't believe i started eating it only recently": 18, 'i like adding a pack of instant oatmeal to plain yogurt☺️': 3, 'sprinkle flax seed and granola for the trifecta': 26, 'if you wanna go wild, add honey and a sprinkle of ground coffee': 3, 'ground coffee is the powder right? i will definitely try it thanks!!': 1, 'yes! i wouldnt put whole beans in there': 1, 'the fruit offsets how bad plain greek yogurt tastes.': 0, "for me it tastes like nothing, it's really bland and perfect to add stuff. fruits, dried fruits, dark chocolate... since i stopped eating the snacks you buy at grocery stores, greek yogurt saved my meals": 7, "might just be me then. or the brands available near near me but they're all super bitter. the flavored ones are all full of sugar but the plain ones all have a nasty aftertaste.": 1, 'try fage. delicious': 3, '> ~~greek~~ yogurt is amazing with almost every fruit. top tier food pairing': 1, 'love plain greek yogurt with some peanut powder in it for extra oomf.': 1, "greek yogurt is often too sour. that's why they typically put something intensely sweet like a reduced fruit syrup or honey, in addition to fresh fruit.\n\nan easier pairing with fruit is whole milk yogurt.": 1, 'add in a teaspoon of jam if you fancy a flavored/sweetness kick': 1, 'i like a streak of rose syrup.': 1, 'greek yogurt with salsa makes an amazing chip dip.': 1, 'also makes a great sour cream substitute. greek yoghurt on fajitas/ tacos is unreal. such a richer flavour': 1, "omg this sounds sooo good, can't wait to try it": 2, 'game changer for sure': 2, 'if you have the wherewithal, overnight oats with just greek yogurt and blueberries are an amazing breakfast or 2/3pm snack. you do have to plan a day ahead though': 155, "actually, you only really need to let your oats sit for like ten minutes! so you can make them in the morning or a bit before you plan to eat them. obviously the longer you let them sit, the softer they get, but it's what i did when i was camping and it worked really well!": 85, 'interesting! i always do it right before bed for the next day. good to know for midday snacks. thanks for the tip': 45, "i use quick oats and they're ready within 10-15 minutes, half hour is better though. when i used old fashioned rolled oats, i had to make em the night before.": 6, "i even make mine 3 days in advance. i've found that blueberries are the best for this since they don't get soggy.": 3, 'yes! i make the for the week on sunday evening and letting the fruit “steep” for a couple days makes the end of the week even more flavorful.': 2, 'i used to throw some muesli in a bag with protein powder and frozen blueberries in the morning and add water to make "cereal" when i got to work. no soaking required just eat it like cereal.': 1, 'how does this work, you put them all and leave overnight or what?': 3, 'essentially yes. a mason jar is usually what i use. put everything in, shake it up, leave it in the fridge overnight': 2, 'overnight oats?': 3, 'or chia pudding. i do 2 tbsp chia seeds, half a cup of lactose free milk, 2 splenda packets, a dash of vanilla and soak overnight. whisk to unclump right before eating and top with sliced fruit and berries and a quarter cup of your dab granola for crunch!': 1, 'going to try this, yum!': 2, 'are overnight oats special oats? or can i just used standard oats and put them in the fridge overnight?': 2, "normal oats. either quick or steel rolled or whatever. the stronger the oats, the less soggy they will get, though. so, it's about personal preference.": 1, 'yep 👍🏼👍🏼 when i get sick of blueberries, i use frozen mango pieces!': 2, 'agree. i do these for breakfast on the go on work days. add in some chia seeds and unsweetened cocoa powder for some decadence.': 2, 'or chia pudding. i do 2 tbsp chia seeds, half a cup of lactose free milk, 2 splenda packets, a dash of vanilla and soak overnight. whisk to unclump right before eating and top with sliced fruit and berries and a quarter cup of your fav granola for crunch!': 1, 'i do this right before bed, i throw some chia seeds in there with some milk, too, it makes it all gelatinous and yummy.': 1, 'when i tried overnight oats, they were still "raw" tasting. how do you do it?': 1, 'not sure what you mean by raw tasting. we’re they fully covered/submerged in the yogurt?': 1, 'yes, and they still had the crunch to it. i let it sit for 2 days to see if that would help\n\nnot sure how to describe it...take a bite of plain oats, and drink of water..that was the taste': 1, 'trader joe’s plain greek yogurt with a bit honey mixed in is the best combo i’ve ever had': 112, 'came here to say this: always buy plain and add your on flavours. so much better!': 58, 'greek yoghurt, honey and walnuts is my fave': 2, "wouldn't it just be greek yoghurt?": -1, "nah my issue is with the trader joe's haha, i'm sure their greek yoghurt isn't any different, it's like saying i prefer costco milk.": 2, 'i really like skyr with honey too! those big tubs of siggi’s skyr go on sale near us pretty often since no one knows what it is, but it’s just as healthy, if not more, than greek yogurt!': 1, "y'all gotta try maple syrup": 1, 'bonus points for frozen berries.\nmy go to dessert if i’m trying to be healthy is greek yogurt, mixed with frozen fruit and unsweetened coco powder.': 60, 'i add dark chocolate chips instead of cocoa powder. it is even better with oatmeal since they melt and its like a big and gooey chocolate chip cookie with fruit. in yogurt the crunch is sooo satisfying!': 9, 'try warm oatmeal with frozen berries mixed in!': 3, 'ooo or chocolate protein powder': 2, 'i usually get them frozen because they\'re more widely available in good quality. the "fresh" driscol blueberries are nowhere near fresh, taste like pesticides, are twice the size of wild blueberries.\n\ni\'ve lived in areas you can pick blueberries, the closest you\'ll get to that taste will be products labelled "wild blueberries".': 2, 'yeah when i used to live near a blueberry farm i would pick a bucket with every year and freeze what i didn’t eat fresh. it was amazing.': 1, "i used to nanny and help the mother meal prep. in the mornings when she made hers & her husband's lunch, she did containers with greek yogurt, frozen berries, and a smaller cup for granola on the side. she loved the frozen berries as they would keep the yogurt cold until they got to eat their lunch.": 2, 'peak blueberry season!  \n\nmy fiance and i have already gone through 3+ flats of blueberries since the beginning of june.  of course we live in blueberry capital of the world so...': 28, 'hammonton??': 7, 'yup!!': 1, 'my partner ate 2kg of them in 24 hours..': 2, 'greek yogurt = sour cream <3': 43, 'just don’t try to substitute them the other way around.': 35, 'i will try to remember that': 9, 'wait which way can i substitute them?': 3, 'greek yogurt = can be used as yogurt and sour cream\n\nsour cream = do not use as yogurt only use as sour cream': 11, 'ok now i feel stupid for asking thanks haha 😂': 5, 'i do, i use greek yogurt as chip dip': 0, 'like you don’t wanna be eating your granola with sour cream or something.': 5, 'green?': 4, 'lmao yeah greek* unless it’s like yoplait please do not consume green yogurt': 43, 'i like my green yogurt...': 1, 'i like it on a plane, i like it on a train!': 1, 'greek': 7, 'they probably meant greek': 2, "greek yogourt and mapple syrup!!! i do it all the time! it's so simple!": 14, 'this + fruit and grain-free granola': 2, 'plus whatever fruit you have laying around!': 2, 'i heard from cooking show that canadians use mapple syrup instead of like honey. is it true? and does it taste similiar?': 1, "it doesn't really taste similar, i find the taste of maple a bit less sweet and a bit nuttier. it's hard to describe, as i know few edible things that have the same flavour profile. however, i always use it instead of honey, i'm a big maple fan! in dessert, i find that it pairs well with orange, cheese, bourbon, peacan, berries and vanilla!": 1, 'greek yogurt and cut of nectarines with a splash of honey 🍯😋': 2, 'yep! add a few almonds and a dash of honey and you hit another level.': 2, 'greek yogurt and nearly any jam. it rocks.': 2, 'greek yogurt and banana is my favorite': 2, 'i also add nuts at times and it tastes great.': 2, 'greek yogurt and frozen rasperries tastes a bit like ice cream. if you’re craving sugar add a banana and if you want crunch almonds or nuts': 2, 'this but add honey!!': 2, 'add cinnamon': 1, 'add some walnuts in, too! blueberries and walnuts together are so good.': 1, 'whole wheat toast with cream cheese and fresh blueberries is a similar great combo. or ricotta instead of cream cheese.': 1, 'gosh that was the best until i became lactose intolerant': 1, 'low-fat cottage cheese and blueberries are my absolute favorite': 1, "greek yogurt + fruit is a great one. my favorite breakfast is actually greek yogurt, pumpkin puree, and sliced bananas, with chopped nuts sprinkled on top. if i'm feeling fancy i'll layer it like a parfait, but if i'm lazy i'll just slop it all in a bowl - tastes great either way.": 1, 'yogurt, fruit and pb (or cookie butter if you have that) is my favorite!!!': 1, 'also for a treat, plain greek yogurt + chopped pecans + a drizzle of maple syrup. i tell myself it’s like pecan pie but a bit more protein.': 1, 'greek yogurt goes with a lot! many fruits, especially berries, i have lately had a few almonds stirred in, or peanuts.': 1, 'piggybacking off of that, adding vanilla soy milk to a bowl of frozen blueberries plus a sprinkle of granola is like my favorite snack. the blueberries get so slushy and the crunch of the granola pairs perfectly': 1, 'greek yogurt and honey and fruit if you’re willing to add one more ingredient in': 1, 'greek yogurt with honey & almond butter': 1, 'greek yogurt and powdered peanut butter.': 1, 'plain greek yogurt?': 1, 'yes, and if you want a little sweetener, add some honey': 1, 'best random tip from reddit. put blueberries in a ziplock bag in the fridge. they last like 5x longer': 1, 'greek yogurt, watermelon cubed, strawberries and blackberries is my favorite! watermelon gives it a beautiful crisp crunch': 1, 'i literally eat this every day, sometimes with granola and/or mini choco chips to spice it up': 1, 'this. add some crunchy, dry weetbix for texture and it’s *chef’s kiss*  \nlegit eat this everyday as breakfast and still not sick of it': 1, 'add peanut butter to it 😩😭💜': 1, "i never tried greek yogurt, what's the difference between turkish yogurt?": 1, "okay, but try this with a scoop of vanilla whey protein stirred into the yogurt. it's literally just blueberry cheesecake 😁 with a few hundred calories and 50g protein. aldi's elevation brand is my go-to, cheap and high quality.": 1, 'add some cinnamon and/or chia, perfect superfast meal with flavour.': 1, 'greek yogurt with cherries!! the red liquid of the cherry really make it pop': 1, 'try topping with some lemon zest!': 1, 'currently my fave is yogurt with pumpkin or sunflower seeds': 1, 'i add a quarter cup of all-bran and a half packet of instant oatmeal to my yogurt and blueberries.': 1, '+ cocoa powder.': 1, 'mix the greek yogurt and the peanut butter and dip apples in it!': 1, 'add some cinnamon.': 1, 'so if you’re eating after 5pm my doctor has told me to skip the fruit and add mixed nuts to the greek yogurt instead. something about the way our body processes different foods at different times of the day. he told me any fruit before 3-5ish depending on time of year is really healthy but afterwards it just turns to pure sugar in the body. \n\ni’m not telling you how to eat i guess i kind of put this out there to hear other peoples feed back. never knew the circadian cycles effected how our body process foods and people here seem to know their stuff.': 1, 'i use frozen berries and actually like it even better. thawing overnight works, or microwaving in 30 second bursts.': 1, "i do this with crushed walnuts and honey too as my main breakfast since i can't eat oats": 1, 'i’m late but i love greek yogurt, blueberries, and some chopped chocolate!': 1, 'an obvious one, but it has to be said: beans and rice.': 480, 'green lentils and brown rice! can be cooked together in the same pot': 100, 'how do i do this please?': 20, 'in the same pot': 75, 'ta da!': 4, '[here!](http://chefmichaelsmith.com/recipe/brown-rice-and-lentils/) they have the same cook time! as long as you use green lentils and brown rice.': 3, 'that’s a middle eastern dish called mjudara. just add onions sautéed in olive oil.': 8, 'i did not know this.': 3, 'how about those cuban black beans w the rice cooker in the bean soak water? #cuminbaby': 1, 'mung beans are great too!': 1, 'beans and rice has been the ultimate pair keeping humanity fed since the dawn of civilization.': 76, 'i almost always make batches of yogurt and kimchi, it dresses up rice so nicely!': 3, '_dave ramsey has joined the chat_': 49, '😂he approves': 4, 'this kills me though because there are so many beans and so many rices. 🤦\u200d♀️ and then i assume you season it in some way?': 3, 'yessss. sauté the beans and mash them. add caramelized onions if you like. incredible.': 3, 'ah, my classic university dinner lmao': 2, 'especially chickpeas': 2, 'black beans mixed with taco seasoning on rice. canned diced tomatoes (get the kind flavored with peppers cause the spice is extra good). add cheese. add salsa or pico de gallo if you have it. omg so good i could literally eat this almost every day': 7, 'add salsa!': 6, 'salt for both, fried garlic for the rice and cumin+bay leaf for the beans... the way god intended': 11, 'coconut milk, scallions and allspice, the jamaican way': 4, 'so, what i do is black turtle beans and basmati rice. first time i did it, i was expecting bland and boring; i was *amazed* by how palatable it ended up being.\n\nmy secret was bouillon cubes. i used one cube of knorr vegetable, and one of knorr mushroom, dissolved in the water with the beans. rice cooked as normal in rice cooker.\n\nadded bonus, this makes an awesome burrito base too. cook up a little ground beef, toss your beans and rice in there with it, give it a hit of chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and as much cayenne pepper as it takes to taste just hot enough. add in a little cheese if you want to get away from both healthy and cheap and just treat yourself.': 3, "louisiana-style red beans and rice. season your red beans or red kidneys with onion, bell pepper, celery, green onion, bay leaf, salt, black pepper, garlic powder, cayenne, paprika. etc ... basically everything that goes into a cajun seasoning blend plus trinity. also smoked pork sausage. \n\nit's not the quickest bean meal (slow cooked for half a day usually), but it's one of the tastiest. plenty of recipes out there too.": 2, 'heinz beans': 0, 'if you like it sweet, then add some sugar, butter or any of your favourite oil and little milk, break up the beans a little and you have amazing tasting breakfasty rice and beans.\n\nthe rice and beans can be plain with just salt, if you’re more adventurous, add some cinnamon, cardamom and cloves power/whole when cooking.\n\nif you have a pressure cooker and canned beans, this is about 15-20 mins to cook.': 1, 'when you consider the volume of food vs the amount of work you have to put in…that’s what makes it easy! once you’ve made a big batch, you can reheat and use accordingly. have it by itself, in a tortilla, as a nachos topping, etc': 4, 'damn dude you really spammed your comment haha (i assume it was a bug)\n\nbut no sorry it\'s not a matter of how you define "easy", beans and rice is not stupid easy haha some of the other suggestions like blueberries and yogurt are, but not something you need to prepare and cook.': 0, 'when you consider the volume of food vs the amount of work you have to put in…that’s what makes it easy! once you’ve made a big batch, you can reheat and use accordingly. have it by itself, in a tortilla, as a nachos topping, etc.': 1, 'only recently discovered the wonders of beans and rice. made some to take to work for lunch. heated them up, thought “that doesn’t look/smell very appetizing” and then proceeded to scarf it down after taking my first bite.': 1, 'there’s an excellent song about that too, those guys were great.\n\n[spearhead](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1504rx3ulpc)': 1, 'i usually do rice and beans.': 1, 'french bread dipped in olive oil and balsamic vinegar.': 628, 'with roasted garlic.': 154, 'roasted garlic and...anything, really.': 66, 'and some parmesan.': 19, "big chunks. don't bring that kraft powder anywhere near me lol": 3, "ooo.. i usually sprinkle oregano in mine, i'll have to try parm.": 2, 'and a little salt!  \n\nedit: just wanted to make it clear that, yes, that garlic must be roasted.  hint: 12-15 seconds (still with the skins on) in the microwave oughtta do it justice.': 6, 'a pairing for the gods': 2, 'mix maple syrup and smooth peanut butter and dip the bread.': 2, 'or apples': 1, 'olive oil and any acid is really a decent combination. lemon, red wine vinegar, white wine vinegar. works great with bread, on salad, or to marinate meat and vegetables.': 2, 'mix a little extra virgin olive oil with melted salted butter and you got it made.': 2, 'parmesan.': 2, 'california pizza kitchen used to serve this for a free appetizer. recently when i went they used a low quality bread and the old wasn’t very good either': 1, 'dried mint and thyme toooo': 1, 'yes...': 1, 'this is the way': 1, "yes! there's some oil salad dressings, and creamy salad dressings that go wonderful with french bread too. a go-to snack!": 1, 'and cheese': 1, "pb and banana on toast. add some honey if you're feeling boujee.": 616, 'all of that plus cinnamon.': 151, 'fuck. i eat this all the time without cinnamon. i’m a moron!': 5, 'yes! this is my jam. or, i suppose my not-jam': 16, 'fry your banana with cinnamon in a skillet to really ascend to the next level.': 3, 'or granola': 2, 'fukkk. so good. didnt know anyone else did this': 2, 'and some dates!': 2, 'also great with chocolate chips, i throw the whole thing into the panini press so everything melts together - heaven.': 1, 'i’m allergic to bananas, but apple slices or blueberries also work.': 8, 'try pickles! seems weird but it’s amazing': 2, 'i tried sliced kiwi instead of jam and it was amazing!!! then i found out i was allergic to kiwis.': 2, 'i like the added crunch and bit of tang that sliced apples bring to the sandwich.': 1, 'god damn boujee is "streets ahead" levels bad slang': 12, 'i thought it was bougie': 9, 'everyone thinks of community and dan harmon\'s twitter rants when they hear the term "streets ahead" but it\'s legitimately a figure of speech in ireland and probably the uk': 5, 'i do same thing but instead of toast i do it with an organic whole wheat tortilla and make it a wrap.': 2, 'bougie, from fr. bourgeois': 2, 'is this healthy? pretty much just sugar, fat and carbs.': 4, 'it gets you lots of nutrients from the banana, good fats and protein from the pb (or extra sugar if it’s really processed…), and the toast is a good vessel. i’d suggest wheat?': 5, 'well if you gauge health by calorie consumption then peanut butter is pretty unhealthy. less healthy than nutella. that being said you’re golden if you just go light on the peanut butter\n\nin general it’s important to know\n\n1. fat is a flavour enhancer for sugar/carbs\n\n2. sugar/carbs tend to be lower in cals but cause snacking behaviour \n\n3. anything with a significant amount of fat in it is too high in calories to snack on': 0, "why don't you ask elvis presley?": 1, "it's not terrible but it's pretty high in cals.\n\ni would do half a banana, some pb powder paste (pb powder+water) on a rice cake. low cal/zero cal syrup to top if needed": 1, 'dang, you beat me to it.  put it on some sense homemade whole wheat bread & ... food ecstasy.': 1, 'yes. and i like to add oat and chia seeds.': 1, "i've recently started doing this in pancake banana wraps": 1, 'also try swapping out that toast for a graham cracker': 1, 'i like to add sriracha. had it this morning! sooo good': 1, 'this is my go to snack, this or banana and nutella on toast.': 1, "corduroy the bear ain't boujee. he taught me that move 😂": 1, 'peanut butter, nutella, and bananas are my "i\'m a taxpaying adult and you can\'t tell me what to do" sandwich': 1, 'add potato chips to the sandwich!!!! 😍': 1, 'i just skip the bread and spread pb on the banana and eat it.\n\nother times i just skip the banana too....': 1, 'sunny side up eggs and rice!! hearty for what it seems, tastes delicious, good protein and carbs, easy to add some fruit or veggies on the side to balance the meal, and it’s easy to reheat and finish if you make too much. edit to add: specifically, i like mine slightly underdone so the yoke is creamy and mixes in with the rice. small distinction but it adds a lot imo': 520, 'add sesame oil and soy sauce to this': 116, 'also chili crisp.': 3, 'is that chili flakes?': 2, '[not quite](https://store.177milkstreet.com/products/fly-by-jing-sichuan-chili-crisp?_pos=2&_sid=4ec24a1fb&_ss=r).': 2, 'oh damn, wish i could try it.': 1, "or a kraft single. yeah, i'm basic.": 3, 'i mean... plop a protein on a pile of starch and mix in a fat and you’ve got 90% of every culture’s traditional meals...\n\ni support this.': 3, 'umeboshi pickled plum.': 2, 'and some crispy fried onions indo style. bawang goreng.': 1, 'i eat this for breakfast fairly often! sometimes i add steamed veggies. i usually make a sauce with red pepper flakes, chives, a splash of rice wine vinegar, a few drops of sesame oil, spoon of chili paste, soy sauce, and a little hot mustard. whisk it all together and pour it over the rice before i place my eggs on top.': 103, "pineapple and chicken. cut open your chicken, sandwich some pineapple in the middle and then eat. it's great!": 3, 'this. taking a screenshot to make later. sounds delightful.': 2, 'interesting, what is this sauce called? or did you crate it?': 1, 'i just try to recreate this really good sauce an asian restaurant had where i used to live. it’s not as good as theirs, but i like it anyway lol.': 2, 'eating this currently!! i like to scoop up the rice and egg with sliced cucumbers too.': 28, 'i once got cucumbers in a japanese fried chicken rice bowl on accident. it was the best accident i ever made': 8, 'loco moco!': 9, "i agree 100%.  if it's white rice then that also goes well with a side of cut up bananas.  sunny side eggs and rice is my go to easy breakfast.  if its mexican rice then i sometimes add cucumber with salt and lemon on the side.": 7, 'this sounds so beautiful': 2, 'been eating this for decades! i like to add natto, one of my comfort meals. also, if the rice is fresh out of the rice cooker you don’t even need to cook the eggs in a pan first; mixing it into the freshly made rice will cook it as you mix it in.': 5, 'my favorite breakfast! i fry my egg in a little\n utter and heavily season with black pepper and little touch of pink salt.\n\nif i have time i slide the egg onto a warm plate and warm up the rice in the same pan i cooked the egg in - buttery crispy rice topped with my egg. mmm.': 4, "a little different, but i discovered omurice a couple years back and it's a flavor i've never forgotten. a thin layer of scrambled eggs on top of rice (white or fried) with ketchup.\n\njapan knocks it out of the park again.": 5, 'if you google silog and look at the images you’ll get plenty of rice and eggs ideas!': 3, 'i eat this all the time with some chopped up veg and rotisserie chicken 🤤': 3, 'yeah i love popping the yolk over the rice': 3, 'i do this but also add purple onions and then douse it all in mongolian fire oil. so tasty.': 3, 'stealing this to add breakfast sausage and rice is so fast and easy.': 2, 'oh man, a classic filipino breakfast! try garlic rice, it’s amazing! and make sure it’s salted well 🤙 or soy sauce': 2, '[bibimbap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bibimbap) baby.': 2, 'yes! plus a little soy sauce or salsa or even pesto.  eggs and rice are so versatile.': 2, 'i undercook my eggs too, and mix them in with vinegary hot sauce. one of my favorite breakfasts.': 2, 'nobody going to link the "with rice" thread? ok i guess it\'s my turn.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2np694/what_tasty_food_would_be_distusting_if_eaten_over/': 2, 'my breakfast for the last ten years.  i add olive oil and salt to my rice.': 2, 'ah yes, the classic "oh shit i\'m low on cash" dish. we normally eat it with soy sauce drizzled over. now that you mention it, i haven\'t had this in a while. guess i know what i\'m eating for dinner tonight.': 1, 'this is my comfort food! i usually add indonesian sweet soy sauce with it.': 1, 'i was doing this one for a while with some fresh cherry/grape tomatoes and sauteed veggies (onions and mushrooms mostly)': 1, 'this is a normal breakfast for filipinos. not just that actually. include hotdogs, tocino or tapa. no matter what it is it’s always with rice.': 1, '8/10 with rice': 1, 'this sounds really good! definitely trying this.': 1, 'this should be top comment. so many things you can add to this too for a great meal.': 1, 'this is really, really good with (filipino if you can find them) hot dogs or turkey sausage. runny yolk and don’t add salt bc the sausage has plenty.': 1, "sometimes i add homemade chorizo or plant-based chorizo and that takes it up a whole 'nother level": 1, "if carbs/sugar isn't an issue, eggs (i like poached in this application) and grits is a similar dish and quite good.": 1, 'goat cheese and honey': 141, 'try adding rosemary and almonds/walnuts. or serve with rosemary raisin nut crackers from trader joe’s or wegman’s.': 9, 'goat cheese is the goat!': 5, 'goat cheese and spicy jam': 2, 'any jam, but especially chilli jam 🌶': 1, 'raspberry habanero!': 1, 'add in figs and walnuts and you have one of my go-to healthy desserts.': 2, "ooh yes please. there's this place that serves toasted flatbread with melted goatcheese and honey.. it is heaven": 2, 'honey and salami too, oddly. \n\nwent to a fancy restaurant a couple years ago and got a charcuterie plate. the fancy hard salami (not actually salami but some other hard-cured sausage that was really damn close in flavor, texture, and appearance) was plated next to a garnish of raw honeycomb. some honey got on the “salami” and it was an amazing combination of sweet and salty. tried it on a sandwich at home with normal honey and salami and *still an amazing combination of sweet and salty.*': 1, 'i love this with coarse ground pepper!': 1, "i wanna try this cause i'm obsessed with goat cheese": 1, 'goat cheese and blueberries': 1, 'goats cheese and fresh mint! goats cheese and cherry tomatoes. goats cheese and pesto. goats cheese and polenta. mmmm... goats cheese.': 1, 'sausage and cabbage. i just used the bagged precut coleslaw mix from the grocer, dice some sausage, cook in veggie broth in a pan... good to go': 773, 'yes, so good. we usually do kielbasa and a bag of sauerkraut but if the store doesn’t have it i’ll grab coleslaw mix and co this with a little mustard no garlic salt too': 115, 'i like to throw in a few sour apples and brown sugar to this recipe.': 40, 'i’ve also made this in the crockpot!': 1, 'recipe?': 1, "c'mon jimmy, you know what i mean.": 4, 'nonono seriously.  about how much brown sugar.  big slices of apple, small chunks?  when do you put the apples in?': 3, ' i had a friend show me this dish when i was a teenager.\n1 can (14 ounces) sauerkraut, rinsed and well drained\n1 pound smoked polish sausage or kielbasa, cut up\n3 medium tart apples, peeled and cut into eighths\n1/2 cup packed brown sugar\n1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds, optional\n1/8 teaspoon pepper\n3/4 cup apple juice\ndirections\nplace half of the sauerkraut in an ungreased 3-qt. slow cooker. top with sausage, apples, brown sugar, caraway seeds if desired and pepper. top with remaining sauerkraut. pour apple juice over all.\ncover and cook on low until apples are tender, 4-5 hours.': 4, 'also works well with apple cider instead of juice.': 2, 'what type of mustard do you use? and do you throw it in during the cook or mix it in after?': 7, "i've done this with all mustards. brown mustard is my favorite for it.     \n    \ni just recently went a level above and just made mustard mashed potatoes. evoo instead of butter, mixed brown and dijon (about 1tbsp each). cooked onions with kielbasa in evoo.": 2, "sauerkraut and kielbasa (or hot dogs when you're really poor) was one of my favorite meals growing up, it's so good!": 1, 'now this is something i will have to try…have you tried adding anything else to it to spice it up?': 23, "sometimes i add bacon bits sometimes cheese, but no usually just sausage and cabbage. it's a classic quick comfort meal. you can always wrap it in a tortilla too! i do add a lot of seasonings to the cabbage,  garlic powder, paprika, lemon pepper because of course veggies can be bland, but the sausage is always pretty salty.": 48, 'what kind of sausage do you like to use? the grocery stores by me sell an italian chicken sausage that i’m thinking would be really good like this.': 13, 'literally anything. i usually use beef sausage, but chicken is way more nutritious, i like that too. it is less salty.': 14, 'cool thanks! going to make this tonight, hopefully my gf likes it because it sounds awesome.': 1, 'if you want to spend just a little bit more time in the kitchen like 5 or 10 minutes if you put oil in the pan, then saute your  diced onions add chopped garlic about 1 minute before you add the rest of your ingredients, the aromatics will diffuse into the oil and then attach to the rest of your meal. a very simple way to level up!': 6, 'didn’t see this until this morning but i ended up using italian chicken sausage, sautéed an onion + garlic, added salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, italian seasoning, and red wine vinegar. it was great!': 3, 'i do this with maple sausage and it’s so good': 3, 'probably pork if its with cabbage': 2, 'bratwurst works best with cabbage imo': 2, 'not the person you’re responding to, but i’ve done this basically any and all sausages and it’s always been great! if you wanted to lean more into the italian flavours in the sausage you could season with thyme, oregano, basil and/or parsley, but really whatever you have on hand will be good': 1, 'a little tony’s seasoning is great.': 17, 'try adding sliced apples and start cooking those first. yummy!': 3, 'i think somewhere or another in east europe they call it biggos.  anyhow, sauerkraut is good.  i go with half sauerkraut half cabbage on my end.  onions, and garlic are good too.': 4, "yes. \n\nbigos=polish hunter's stew": 1, 'depending on the sausage and your personal taste...\n\n\\-salt/pepper/butter\n\n\\-apple chunks\n\n\\-currants\n\n\\-curry powder\n\n\\-caraway seed\n\n\\-celery seed\n\n\\-before anything, first fry some bacon and/or onion/jalapeno/bell peppers, then add sausage until browned. add in broth/beer to deglaze, then then add the cabbage (and possibly anything else -- less is probably more in this case). or for less healthy, add some oil and fry it all together until the cabbage is softened.': 2, 'onion and garlic and chili powder are a good bet.': 2, 'i like a can of rotel': 3, 'you can throw in pretty much any leftover meats from your fridge as well. also onions, carrots and bell pepper. goes very well with mashed potatoes as a side.': 2, 'you can chop up some apples and add a little apple cider vinegar to braise it. makes it a nice sweet/savory balance.': 0, 'in the winter i make a dish of diced red potatoes, yellow onion, kielbasa sausage, thin cut cabbage, (light) butter, salt, pepper. adding vegetable stock just enough to simmer the pan adds a little extra flavor. \n\nadd evoo. cook down potatoes first, they will take the longest (or dice small to cut back time). add onion and little butter, cook until onion color is translucent, caramelize appearance. add cabbage, cook down - pan will be full at first. add cut sausage, most of the time pre cooked but adding color is always better. add a bit of veg stock if things are sticking, along with a small amount of butter. i don’t like dishes like this “saucey” so i use liquids sparingly.': 1, "coarsely chop up some apple and add to this. it's delish": 1, 'saute an onion and some bacon then fry the cabbage or saurkraut in it!': 1, "add a side of buttered & herby egg noodles and you've got a classic meal!": 16, 'that or perogies.': 1, 'yea i make this at least once a month. quick and cheap weeknight meal.': 10, "yes that's one of my favorites! i prefer kielbasa and i add whatever other veggies i might have laying around. put some stone ground dijon on top and 😋": 11, 'oooo! i never thought of adding a coarse mustard, but i bet that’s a game changer!': 4, "i use a eastern european sausage and add chopped apple and onion. it's excellent.": 5, "my go to is andouille , little bit of garlic, some onion and carrot. throw some paprika on top and you're in business.\n\nbut now i think l need to start adding mustard": 5, 'this is one of my top favs.  i chop a head of cabbage with 1 pack of kielbasa': 2, 'okay i made this last night for the first time.  omg!!  this was amazing!!  \n\ni sauteed peppers and onions, added the sausage.  after 4-5 minutes, i stirred it all up, added the apples and brown sugar and cabbage.  cooked some egg noodles on the side.  omg this is my new go to meal.  quick and cheap too! \n\nthank you all for the suggestions!': 2, 'sounds tasty, will have to try.': 1, 'throw in some frozen pierogies and you have one of my favorite easy dinners!': 1, 'say more: are you dumping broth, veggies, and cut up sausage, and just cooking? or are you browning the sausage first? how much broth? like a soupy amount? or a few splashes so it barely comes up the side of the sausage? pre-cooked sausage or the raw natural casing stuff?': 1, 'do any sausage with cabbage and maybe onions, start by sautéing the cabbage because it takes longer to cook. then add some broth, pepper, salt if you want, caraway seeds if you have them (they are great for this) and apple cider vinegar and put a lid on and let everything get all dank. easy meal and you can let it steam in there as long as you want. get creative with it. i often add onions but sometimes potatoes diced up pretty small so they don’t take too long to steam in there. a really good trick is to add some spicy hot vegetable juice in there it makes it more like a sauce.': 1, 'we do smoked sausage, cabbage, onions, sauerkraut, and ketchup or tomato sauce. so good!': 1, 'bacon, cabbage, and onions is even better. fry it all up in the bacon fat with some smoked paprika. soon good.': 1, 'without the paprika this is basically the staple irish dish, ask any irish guy abroad what meal he misses and this will be in the top 3 easily.': 1, 'my variation on this is sausage with kale (or broccoli rabe if you don’t mind the bitterness).': 1, "if you're trying to be healthy your can nuke the cabbage in a seal tupperware and it will steam cook.": 1, 'sausage and cabbage? germany and central europe have entered the chat': 1, 'egg roll in a bowl, my man': 1, 'i do this, but add potatoes…so good!': 1, 'in germany we call that steck die bratwurst in das sauerkraut': 1, 'gin and tonic': 181, 'g & t cheers 🥃': 3, "what's your recipe?": 3, 'keep slices of lime in the freezer so you have lime whenever you want and it acts as an extra ice cube.': 16, 'i like where this is going': 3, 'sliced tomatoes on toast': 539, 'or even just really fresh tomato slices with a sprinkle of sea salt.  really easy snack.': 243, "i would not call this a pairing per say... it's just avoiding the crime that is eating tomatoes without salt.": 107, 'i would like to politely inform you that it\'s written as "per se"': 111, 'thank you! english is not my first language. "per say" could have made sense as a traduction of a french expression (or the other way around).': 27, "many native english speakers can't even get your/you're or could've (could of) right.": 22, "could've is a contraction of could have lol": 1, 'yes. people keep writing "could of" or "would of" instead.': 1, 'just letting you know that i used "per se" at least 5 times since you corrected me, and i\'m spelling it correctly now!\n\nthanks again': 3, 'something about the tomato,  avocado,  bacon combo.... drooling just thinking about it.': 0, 'i understand this is both a capital offense and a form of torture in some parts of the world.': 3, "my mom would give me a juicy tomato in a drinking glass with some sugar sprinkled. i'd poke it with a spoon and eat it as a tasty snack.": 2, 'never forget the freshly ground black pepper': 2, "dont forget the black pepper. as my ex's school janitor always said, get you a mater sanwich": 3, "slap some olive oil, garlic and oregano on that too and you've got tomate aliñado": 1, 'i love tomatoes with salt and a little pepper. i could eat that as a whole meal!': 1, 'also try adding some dried tarragon or some dried dill and mayo. omg.': 1, "that's what i'm eating right now, actually. little mayo, little salt and pepper, and some basil too.": 74, 'switch out the basil for tarragon or dill omg.': 1, 'if you can find them on sale, avocado on toast. also beans on toast is something i regret not trying until my 30s. so much wasted time not eating more beans on toast.': 23, 'what kind of beans do people eat on toast?': 4, "uk (not american) style baked beans.  they're in a savory tomato sauce rather than a sweet brown sugar one.\n\ni'm in the us and i can find them in the publix international aisle, but i don't know what other stores to find them in.": 4, 'thanks. might look for those. i don’t like the weirdly sweet beans so might be great for me. any particular brand to look for?': 1, "the two brands i know of are heinz and batchelor's.  both are good and they both have light blue labels.  but the cans aren't made to stack, lol.  other cans with rounded bottoms will stack on top of them, so i have to arrange my pantry with the cans of beans on the bottom.": 2, "any and all, but personally i just use canned baked beans. flavor depends what i'm feeling that day. \n\nhowever. if you live in the uk apparently the heinz bean cans don't stack from what i hear, to monopolize shelf space. heinz beans cans here in canada do stack, except the british style ones, to get that authentic experience or something. now i refuse to buy that flavor because it's annoying.": 2, "doesn't it go mushy?": 2, 'it depends on the bread and your tastes. brioche burger bun will be mushier but easier to cut than something like ciabatta. texas toast is usually a decent middle ground. i eat mine with a fork and knife.': 3, 'my fave stoner snack was toast with peanut butter and baked beans, yum': 2, 'put a hearty handful of grated cheese on top. anything works, but a medium or mature cheddar tastes best. also, anything potato - mash, baked/jacket, whatever, throw some beans and cheese and you have a meal! or, hell, just beans and cheese!': 2, 'avocado on toast with a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil, and freshly ground salt & pepper.': 2, 'oooh olive oil good idea! i usually mix in garlic powder, pepper and salt': 2, 'garlic powder sounds good! sometimes i have chilli flakes and/or slices of radish on top.': 2, 'plus a bit of mayo': 161, 'with bacon and lettuce': 126, 'and cheese.': 37, 'and fries.': 21, 'and a chocolate malt': 17, 'and my bow': 7, 'now you take that home… add some broth, a potato, baby you got a stew going': 1, "now we're talkin": 1, 'thanks!': 1, 'or cream cheese': 23, 'or olive oil!': 13, 'add some buffalo mozzarella and fresh basil, drizzle olive oil and crack some fresh pepper and salt. 👌🏻': 58, 'and a little bit of balsamic vinegar.': 2, "just don't pronounce it boofalow. so cringe.": 2, 'i just think about all the ways to keep this simple or dial it up and it all tastes good in my mind. for example…\n• level i: toast, tomato slices w/ salt + pepper\n• level ii: toast, mayo, tomato slices w/ salt + pepper\n• level iii: toast, rub a peeled garlic clove across the warm bread surfaces, mayo spread, tomato, salt + pepper': 3, 'with goat cheese!': 2, 'i love me some tomatoes on toast with a sprinkle of parmesan and garlic powder.': 2, 'tomatoes with fresh mozzarella.  tomatoes with basil.': 2, "with a shitton of freshly cracked pepper, and i'm in!": 2, 'salt is mandatory, pepper is optional but recommended.': 2, 'with avo, pepper and a touch of grated cheese': 2, "slice of mozzarella cheese and a basil leaf and drizzle of balsamic and i'll eat till i'm hurting.": 2, 'salt your tomatoes please!': 2, 'i stole this from a bagel place: bagel, cream cheese, tomato, avocado, lemon pepper and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar. delicious!': 2, 'rustic wide violet uppity quicksand badge dazzling grandiose different live': 2, 'garlic and basil make that proper scrumptious.': 2, 'sliced tomatoes, mozzarella, balsamico vinegar, some salt': 2, 'with cream cheese as well! it’s so fucking good': 2, 'cheese, crackers and grapes!': 163, 'and thinly sliced apple is great too': 12, 'yes! grapes and cheese are my favorite fruit/cheese combo. also, have you had grapes and cheez-it crackers? amazing!': 2, 'no but i have to try now!!': 2, 'and pickles': 2, 'and thinly sliced apple is great too!': 1, 'also amazing with fig spread or fresh berries. mmmmm.': 1, 'omg yes…now we’re approaching charcuterie board status which i am not mad about haha. i’ll make cheese boards sometimes with pita chips and baguette, fig jam, spicy mustard, grapes, pickles, olives, etc. \n\ni don’t do this often but when i do it’s like *chefs kiss*': 2, 'i like to add a nuts/dried berries mix and some summer sausage with this mix.': 1, 'until you get super into different kinds of cheese, then it becomes expensive.': 1, 'watermelon with tajin sprinkled on top. trust me.': 558, 'add mango to this list.': 268, 'add any fruits or vegetables to this, cucumbers are especially good or jicama': 69, 'ohhhh jicama with tajin is the best thing for summer': 9, 'with a good squeeze of lime.. chef’s kiss \nperfect!': 1, "mango with valentina brand hot sauce 💋👌\n\nespecially if it's a bit underripe": 2, 'trader joe’s carries dried mango with chili powder *chef’s kiss*': 1, 'and pineapple': 104, 'while in cancun, i had sliced coconut served with lime juice and tajin. instantly became my new favorite way to eat coconut.': 75, 'mexicans put tajin on literally everything. \n\nso many dudes i knew brought it to work or school daily lol': 37, 'my mom literally has a bottle bedside. and a bottle of trechas in her crafts room. am mexican.': 10, 'lmao you gotta love the mexicans!': 3, "i always kept a bottle of tajin on my office desk when i lived in mexico lol! it's one of the most underrated things to come out of mexico lol": 2, "i don't. :'( scared of lead in the chili powder": -2, 'when i was in the states last few months, a mexican restaurant put tajin in my paloma.\n\nit was not good.': 1, 'add cucumber to this list': 71, 'tajin goes on most fruit. tajin is a gift to the world.': 56, 'wtf is tajin?': 5, 'seasoning salt with cayenne pepper and dried lime': 1, 'oh man, cucumber and bell pepper. that smacks. good for your kids and you!': 3, 'tajin, a little sea salt, and lime juice on cucumber is the perfect snack!': 2, 'my boyfriend’s dad (mexican) found out i love tajin. bought me so much of the stuff- it will last me the rest of my life i think. (his dad also takes me out for elote every time i ask. loves any excuse to share his culture with me!)': 3, 'that’s so cool! an elote is my go to dish when i’m feeling lazy! it’s such a delicious snack/meal. i’m glad you’re in good company!': 1, 'i couldn’t agree more': 1, 'cantaloupe with cinnamon 😋': 26, 'oohhh never heard of this, soinds yummy': 2, "cantaloupe with pepper! but now i'll try cinnamon.": 2, 'fermented melon with koji then dusted with davidson plum powder': 1, 'watermelon w. feta cheese': 3, 'or do a trini chow. cut mango or pineapple. salt, chili powder, lime juice. fine diced garlic. fine diced scotch bonnet peppers or habaneros or serranos. lots of cilantro or cilantro': 2, 'oh god yes. visiting los angeles taught me this trick. so delicious.': 2, 'oooo you just gave me an idea..\n\nthat lime salt they sell at gas stations on watermelon': 2, "this can't be the tajin we have in north africa...": 2, 'over here it’s a seasoning. what’s the tajin over there?': 1, "a clay pot, it's one of the most popular types of dishes to cook with meat and vegetables": 2, 'that would be an odd combination 😂': 1, 'late to the game but good alternative is trader joe’s chili lime powder. prefer it over tajin.': 2, 'oo i’m going to try this': 1, "i bought tajin and tried it on some different stuff and did not like it. i was really disappointed as i really wanted to like it, too, having heard great things about it. the flavor combo just doesn't do it for me, though.": 4, 'tajin and lime juice on peach or watermelon rings!': 7, 'this right here': 0, 'it makes a killer rim for margaritas or fruity beers (mango cart is my favorite!)': 2, 'lol i love that my grocery store has them together right now': 1, 'and jicama': 1, 'lol california': 1, 'add a little fresh squeezed key lime juice and you’ve got pure magic.': 1, "i just got into watermelon with cinnamon on it.  i'm obsessed.  i will eat it that way from now on.  tajin is great, but if you want to keep the sweetness and feel like you're chewing horchata, then cinnamon! delicious.": 1, 'tajin with cucumbers': 1, 'sounds weird. will try.': 1, 'is tajin the same as tahini = sesame paste?': 1, 'nope! it’s a seasoning': 1, 'oh! thanks :-)': 2, 'you forgot the hot sauce part lol i do tajin and hot sauce': 1, 'this is more of a drink than a food, but it makes for a quick breakfast:\n\nvanilla protein shake + orange juice.\n\nfantastic if you like orange julius.': 373, 'i always prefered the hedonistic nectar of greed and power that is orange lazarus': 163, "it seems spiciestboy hates orange julius' the way i hate having my nipples polished with industrial sand paper.": 11, 'you think you drink it... oh no, it drinks *you*.': 3, 'hey sandy, does your dog bite?': 3, "never made a protein shake, but i'm gonna give this one a try. thanks 👍": 35, 'get ready for some room evacuating farts.': 7, 'ive been doing one with vanilla protein poweder, oj, frozen strawberries, spinach, and frozen zucchini. tastes awesome': 3, 'do… do you mix them into the same container or drink them separately? does the vanilla protein shake have dairy or is it just the powder? i’m struggling to imagine this tasting good, but i’m willing to try it.': 30, 'i also wanna know this': 6, "it depends on the protein powder, but the most common kinds usually have whey protein which is derived from milk/dairy. you can find other kinds without dairy, just know they are usually a bit more expensive.\n\ni personally used to mix 8 oz 1% milk, 8 oz oj, and 2 scoops of vanilla protein powder for breakfast in high school. it is indeed delicious, tastes like a melted but still cold creamsicle. you can also mix oj and water if you're using a non-dairy protein powder, or just all oj if you prefer. \n\nto answer your original question; yes, you mix it all together in the same 'protein shaker' container. put in 50% of your chosen liquid, add protein powder, and then add the other 50% of the liquid. this will help avoid dry pockets of unmixed protein powder. shake vigorously as you run out the door in a mad attempt to not be late for your first class. or something like that.": 14, "> it depends on the protein powder, but the most common kinds usually have whey protein which is derived from milk/dairy. you can find other kinds without dairy, just know they are usually a bit more expensive.\n> i personally used to mix 8 oz 1% milk, 8 oz oj, and 2 scoops of vanilla protein powder for breakfast in high school. it is indeed delicious, tastes like a melted but still cold creamsicle. you can also mix oj and water if you're using a non-dairy protein powder, or just all oj if you prefer.\n> to answer your original question; yes, you mix it all together in the same 'protein shaker' container. put in 50% of your chosen liquid, add protein powder, and then add the other 50% of the liquid. this will help avoid dry pockets of unmixed protein powder. shake vigorously as you run out the door in a mad attempt to not be late for your first class. or something like that.": 2, 'if you’re worried about dairy, there are plenty of other alternatives too - check out truenutrition.com. you can literally make your own mixes :) the best protein powder to its macros for the least amount of money is isopure. it’s a whey protein isolate so unless you are very much sensitive to dairy, it shouldn’t bug you. \n\ni have found i prefer mine blended with almond milk and ice. i often add fruits or greens or juice or nut butter - basically just whatever is lying around.': 2, "i personally use vanilla premier protein shakes which are already good-to-go from the container, so it's easy-mode. with those, they can just be dumped in a glass/bottle with the oj and maybe given a quick stir. iirc, those shakes *do* have dairy.\n\nthat said, i've had it recreated at the shake bar at my university a few years back, and it was just as good there. it honestly depends on the protein powder used. powder is also cheaper per-serving than the pre-bottled shakes; the only trade-off being the need for a blender.\n\nhope that helps? :)": 1, 'yes, sweet julius.': 3, 'that sounds delicious.': 3, "that's a lot of sugar.": 5, "how so? protein powder doesn't normally have any sugar in it.": 2, 'oj does': 1, 'sure, but you seemed to be implying that the combo was somehow more sugary.': 1, 'oh': 1, 'i’ll typically get some blueberries, strawberries, milk, protein powder (optional) some ice and blend it up. taste delicious and only takes like 5mins tops': 2, 'vanilla ice-cream blended with orange juice is awesome too, thickshake style': 2, 'plain yoghurt with oj, 50/50 mix and just shaken together is nice.': 5, 'prosciutto and melon (an italian ham and cantaloupe) taste so good together. no cooking.': 323, 'figs and prosciutto, too.  \ni’d probably even eat cardboard if it was wrapped in prosciutto.': 127, 'what kind of ratio are we talking here?': 3, 'figs or dates & greek yogurt or cream cheese': 1, 'prosciutto crudo to be specific': 37, 'did not know that. thanks': 6, "i can confirm that's the only way, han doesn't provide the contrast that prosciutto + melon is delicious for": 1, 'add balsamic glaze to this 👌👌': 4, 'prosciutto e melone piatto estivo per eccellenza': 2, 'or serrano ham and galia melon... delicious.': 2, 'the first time i had this combo, it was with a burrata with some basil and balsamic drizzle and it made me want to cry. but i would gladly just do the prosciutto and melon on its own.': 1, 'mint, strawberry, mango - the most refreshing thing in my life.': 83, 'last week i had some watermelon with minced basil. it was bizarre yet terrific.': 6, 'gonna have to remember to try that one!': 1, 'caprese is one of the best mixes i’ve seen and super quick and easy to make.': 116, 'i like to fry halloumi in place of the mozzarella and add avocado slices for a slutty caprese.': 7, 'instant potatoes (maybe not super healthy) with lightly sauteed onions, garlic, and mushrooms. \n\ninstant rice, raw egg, scallions, sesame seeds, and soy sauce.\n\navocados mashed with olive oil, salt, pepper, lime juice, then smeared on whole wheat crackers.': 254, 'i visited australia, and the aussies made me eat vegemite until i liked it. i do not regret it. very yummy stuff.': 3, "ugh i know complaining about prices to australians is silly but it's annoying how pricey vegemite is. 10 bucks for a lil container?! arg.": 2, 'gotta learn to put the smallest amount on just to get that salty umami pop, then pet the butter do the rest': 2, "i have a hard time with the stuff, it's so sticky i always feel like i leave as much on the knife as on the bread, but maybe there's a trick i'm missing. (i also like to use it for soups and stuff so i can go through it sorta fast)": 1, 'fresh warm toast makes spreading easier. short quick swipes to distribute the vegemite if it’s hard or if you are using fresh bread. any excess you can swipe the knife on the most naked side of the toast or stab the toast long ways through the crust to clean the knife. if you dare you can also just lick the knife “. remember to add butter to balance the saltiness (i like to do butter first then vegemite, to each their own) add a slice of cheese, tomato or avocado if it’s still too salty.': 2, "oh my gods, recently i've been having more avocado on toast (with garlic powder, some mayo, and vegan cold cuts, just finished some!), and literally staring at the jar of marmite on the counter while i'm making it, thinking about how i've not used it in a while and how i should, and i never connected the dots until now.\n\ni'll be having this tomorrow, and by the sound of it, for the foreseeable future.. 🤤": 1, 'and adding some red pepper flakes to the avocado makes it even more wonderful': 15, "everything bagel seasoning is also great. i recently got a mixture that has jalapeno in it and it's very good.": 2, 'this sounds so so good': 2, 'need the sauce on this': 1, 'adding olive oil to the avocado! you super genius you!!': 32, 'instant potatoes can be subbed out with a baked potato (whole or lightly smashed) for a slightly healthier version. easy to do in the microwave, just poke some holes in it with a knife and then microwave for 3-12 min depending on size of potato.': 1, 'avocado and honey is pretty awesome imo': 1, 'you are my honey': 1, 'instant potatoes make an amazing soup! just do your onions, garlic and mushrooms like normal, instant potatoes, add extra water /stock /milk until its at the thickness you desire.': 1, 'what are instant potatoes?': 1, 'essentially dehydrated and ground potatoes that when mixed with boiling water will take on the consistency of whipped potatoes. prep is only boiling the water and stirring in the package.': 2, '- broccoli and cauliflower with parmesan cheese\n- apples with cheddar cheese \n- ground hamburger with rice and brown gravy \n- watermelon and feta \n- eggs and toast \n- chicken with spinach/kale spring mix \n- marinated chicken with rice \n- northern beans with rice': 347, 'feta cheese and very ripe peaches = amazing': 88, "my dad makes bbq'd peaches with maple syrup and goat cheese in the pit hole. oh my god its so good.": 12, 'i was going to suggest apples with cheddar, especially a very sharp cheddar!': 99, 'extra sharp cheddar is the only cheddar imo': 79, 'this is the way.': 24, 'i want my cheddar to cut my knife, not the other way around.': 3, 'i love it with cabot seriously sharp. that and granny smith apples are the best!!': 19, 'agree, it’s my go to snack actually :d': 9, "never would've guessed apples and cheese but i'll be trying it next time.": 12, 'when i was  a kid , mom would give me apple slices with american cheese singles for a snack. im41 and still like it.': 2, 'same. sometimes i use pears.': 3, 'recently found out aldi carries sharp white cheddar blocks that have that perfect semi-firm crumbly texture and it’s less than $3 a block. been in cheddar heaven every lunch this week.': 2, "sliced apple with brie! the smooth texture of the cheese paired with the rough and sweet apple ... chef's kiss": 2, 'i had and apple and brie sandwich once that was amazing!': 2, 'no no apples on toast with melted swiss or brie. patrick stewart recommended it annnnnnd he was correct.': 1, 'add some honey': 1, 'apples with goat cheese is my go to right now.': 1, 'grapes and cheddar together too, so good': 1, 'to add to you list, apple and pear (preferably unripe or particularly crunchy pear) cut thin goes amazing with smoked fish. extra points for a nice balsamic (i like fig).': 23, 'woah haven’t tried that but i definitely will.': 2, '>watermelon and feta\n\nchilled baby beets, watermelon and feta salad!  add some thin sliced red onion if you like. yum!': 13, 'i like this combo with arugula as well! and a simple evoo dressing. but the watermelon and feta are key.': 1, 'came here to say apple and cheddar too! to make it even better, they both go really well with mango chutney too - and all three in a sandwich make a cheap, easy, tasty lunch!\n\nwould also recommend banana + peanut/almond butter, tomato + feta, cucumber + hoi sin sauce': 10, "roast the broccoli or cauliflower drizzled with olive oil, garlic, and parmesan. you're welcome!!😁": 6, 'that’s exactly how i make mine except i put the parmesan on after it’s out of the oven. super yummy and cheap!': 2, '> watermelon and feta\n\nwut': 31, 'it’s amazing (at least for my tastes). the kerrygold dubliner cheese also pairs well with it, or a very sharp cheddar.': 33, 'i love dubliner cheese!': 4, 'same! just picked one up today!': 2, 'kerrygold butter is delicious, expensive but worth it': 2, 'it sounds like a nightmare for my texture sensitivity': 2, "it's one of those weird sounding combinations that turn out surprisingly good. the feta at least, i've never tried other cheeses with watermelon so can't say about them": 3, 'a peasants lunch. fruit and cheese have gone together for ages. fruit, cheese and a bread together are what is known as "peasants lunch."': 53, 'the peasants knew what they were doing.': 43, 'hell yea they did, i loved it. i worked at walmart when i was younger and had this on my breaks. take a bite of each in the correct order and the palate is always refreshed, its really enjoyable. bosc pears and a sharp cheddar with a crispy loaf were my go to.': 24, 'fruit, cheese, some nice crusty bread and i’m set.': 10, "add a pickle and some onion.  ploughman's lunch.  and the many variations.": 4, 'and because your comment reminded me, some plochman’s stone ground mustard. mmmm': 2, '[try this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bkgog_sxqo4)\n\ni also thought it sounded super weird until i fixed it for myself!': 7, 'make it more fancy with basil and a balsamic conc. and walnuts... mmmmmm': 17, 'now my mouth is watering 😋': 2, 'made me laugh': 1, "it's a popular combination! plus mint. i like red onion as well": 1, 'its a crazy good sweet/salty and juicy combo. you can make salad with lime juice and olive oil, fish sauce, onions, tomatoes. but just the 2 ingredients is a go to.': 1, 'this is how we eat watermelon in turkey. it never occurred to me that it might sound weird combination to someone 😅': 1, 'and a bit of fresh mint': 1, 'apple and sharp cheddar for sure! in fact, i lived off this list for many years. only difference is i hit the ground beef and rice with a flavourful hot sauce instead of gravy': 2, 'that’s good too! i occasionally sub with a chili sauce. lots of options for healthy and cheap :d': 2, 'watermelon, feta, mint and pistachios': 2, 'if you like watermelon and feta, i recommend adding pineapple & feta to pizza. basically a vegetarian ham & pineapple pizza. so yummy.': 2, 'add an egg to the hamburger and gravy over rice and you basically have loco moco!': 2, 'any sauce/seasonings for beans and rice. i know it is a staple in a lot of countries but it has always seemed to bland to me.': 2, 'manchego cheese with grapes': 2, 'fresh fig with blue cheese and a drizzle of honey.': 117, 'sliced pear and bleu cheese go really well, too.': 35, 'i prefer honey goat cheese with figs and dates': 5, 'wrapped in bacon': 1, 'dried fig, and feta is delicious': 3, 'freshly baked bread and butter.': 91, 'the crustier the bread, the better. yum.': 21, 'challah bread is the best 👌': 1, 'if you could use a nsfw tag, it would be appreciated. tia!': 63, 'not safe for... waist? weight?': 3, 'whenimhungry': 6, 'in my house we refer to this meal as cake bread.': 1, 'strawberries and dark chocolate': 22, 'cream cheese\n\nsome kind of spicy jelly (i like jalapeño jelly)\n\nritz crackers\n\nyum': 47, 'red pepper jelly 🤤': 4, 'even better with crunch master crackers.': 3, 'rasberry chipotle jelly': 2, 'i do something like this as a thanksgiving appetizer, but you mix cranberry sauce in with the pepper jelly, spread the mixture over cream cheese and serve with butter crackers.': 1, "grilled cheese and tomato soup. what i really appreciate about this combo is that you can create the most basic version of this and enjoy it, or you can throw in all kinds of stuff, like various cheeses, different seasonings to the soup, fancy bread etc. it's very adaptable": 64, 'i grew up with this, toasted cheese sandwich and tomato bisque soup, comfort food, especially on a rainy cool day…': 2, 'cottage cheese and tomatoes.': 76, 'cottage cheese and almost everything. anything savory like pot roast or gravy, anything with tomatoes like pizza and spaghetti. i also like it with avocado. and annnnnything with potatoes': 31, "i've only ever done cottage cheese with sweet stuff, pineapples, blueberries, bananas, etc...but it's a cheese so it would probably work well savory will have to give this a try.": 6, 'i hate cottage cheese with sweet stuff. savory only in this house.': 14, 'this is starting to sound like the eternal grits debate. savory for grits is the correct answer btw.': 5, 'savory grits is the only answer. i work at a breakfast spot and when people ask for sugar i passive aggressively shame them.': 5, "first time i knew people are sweet grits i had a friend over and made them, didn't even occur to me to ask. when i handed her grits with butter and salt she was horrified, i was equally horrified to learn she wanted them with sugar and milk. 😂 horrifying morning all around.": 5, 'cottage cheese balances any dish, be it sweet or savory.': 2, 'avocado and cottage cheese? i love them both but never thought to have together.': 1, 'you can get "everything but the bagel" seasoning from trader joe\'s and sprinkle a little on your tomatoes and cottage cheese mix. takes it up a level and doesn\'t add many calories.': 15, 'cottage cheese and pickled jalepenos. you are all missing out.': 13, 'this sounds amazing. i’m on a cottage cheese and hot sauce kick. also tajin. it’s so good!': 1, 'mezzetta': 1, 'i have got to try this sometime soon. thank you for the inspiration! i bet it would be a good dessert alternative with some candied jalapeños or the sweet and hot ones they sell jarred at trader joe’s.': 1, 'cottage cheese and crushed pineapple': 10, 'sunflower seeds on top take it next level!': 1, 'cottage cheese and scrambled eggs. it takes way better than it sounds!': 8, 'cottage cheese & soft boiled egg': 1, 'that makes sense, you’re essentially soft scrambling just substituting cottage cheese for cream. i wonder how greek yogurt would act?': 1, 'cottage cheese and applesauce is a good one.  i like to sprinkle pepitas on top too.': 7, 'cottage cheese and a can of dole fruit salad is my favorite': 16, "my house mate likes that but i can't stand it. the textures are wrong and there isn't enough acidity.": 2, "i find the pepitas help with texture a lot, but i suppose i can't answer for acidity.  i use unsweetened applesauce though, so at least it's not a sugar shock.  i also like putting some black pepper over top of the cottage cheese part.": 1, 'oh yes! i do a bit of cinnamon on top.': 1, 'cottage cheese and avocado too. add a little salt and pep...mmmm.': 21, 'cottage cheese and peaches too (even canned)': 19, 'i was going to add this if i didn’t see it on here, i love this snack. i like getting the regular beets and adding a nice quality vinegar and lots of pepper.mmmmm': 2, 'cottage cheese and tuna with salt and balsamic vinegar': 6, 'hear me out hear me out hear me out. \n\ncottage cheese and nutritional yeast': 10, 'cottage cheese and everything but the bagel seasoning.': 5, 'they stole my invention! jk\n\ni just tried a pre-made ebtb hummus and it was awful, but now i know i should be adding my own to original!': 1, 'i have both in my kitchen right now!  i’ll have to try this!': 1, 'cottage cheese, dill, onions and crispy bacon bits. one can make a grilled sandwich, pizza, filled pastry out of it, they are all delicious.': 3, 'cottage cheese, tomatoes, cucumber, tuna.\nadd some s&p and it’s a healthy, well rounded meal!': 3, 'cottage cheese, dill pickles and fritos \n\npickles and mac and cheese': 1, "i've always eaten my cottage cheese sweet, so i'm very curious about all the replies for savory ideas! my go to combos are either a spoonful of jam, or honey+sliced almonds, or honey+granola": 1, 'cottage cheese and potato chips': 1, 'cottage cheese and pineapple!': 1, 'spaghetti goes surprisingly well with cottage cheese': 1, "my sister puts cottage cheese in her ramen noodles and it's surprisingly delicious": 1, 'my all time flavorite <3': 1, 'cottage cheese and pineapple': 1, "sweet potato and apples! sauté with smoked paprika and sage. it's one of my favorite easy bases for several different meals.": 21, 'apples & sweet potatoes, sauté in butter or bake . add a sprinkle of cinnamon or apple/pumpkin pie spice!': 39, 'throwing that into a simple curry sauce over rice is a game changer': 13, 'i looooove curry sauce but i’ve only ever had it in one or two dishes because i don’t know how/what else to cook it with. so apples and sweet potatoes with curry sauce? what kind?': 1, 'this is the only way i can eat cooked sweet potatoes. i loathe them cooked. raw, no problem, tastes like starchy carrots.': 1, 'have you tried “sweet potato toast?” that wasn’t half bad and you can try various toppings': 1, "i feel like i've tried the grees eggs and ham approach with sweet potatoes. every method imaginable to make them tolerable. \n\nwhen i eat them with apples i have them grilled until just warm. otherwise all they do is make me gag and yarf. same thing happens if i eat too much winter squash, too.": 1, 'that made me laugh! haha there are just some foods we don’t like!': 1, 'sounds delicious!! trying that soon, thanks!': 1, 'vanilla yogurt and pb powder and chocolate chips. protein that taste like dessert 😋': 56, 'yes!! i used to do cherry greek yogurt and vanilla powder. tasted like cherry pop tarts': 16, 'the pb with chocolate chips and yogurt almost has the consistency of cookie dough, so imma mess around with that and see if i can get it there.': 9, 'what powder ?': 1, 'i usually go with pb powder + milk of choice + cocoa powder. mix with some strawberries or a banana for breakfast. or, if you freeze it for a bit without letting it get too hardened, you end up with a consistency similar to ice cream.': 1, 'yeah i use xantham gum also to thicken it up.': 1, 'hear me out: sharp/green apple and hummus. it’s nicer than carrots': 18, 'this has become my favorite snack ever!': 3, 'i like scrambled eggs and brown rice.': 49, 'toss in some soy and top with avocado and this is a whole dang meal': 1, 'so minus the avocado it’s fried rice basically lol': 1, 'basically': 1, 'i used basmanti rice today. going back to brown rice tomorrow. it just didn’t have that zing.': 1, 'yupppp eat this every night almost with veggies on the side — awesome macros': 1, 'hear me out on this: toast with apple and a slice of cheese. dice up an apple, put it on top of bread, add a slice of american cheese (white not orange) on top, throw it in a toaster oven.': 33, 'throw some cinnamon and cardamom on that, you have the snack of my childhood. xd \n\n(also some red onion is bomb with this.)': 7, 'i shall try this.': 2, 'add some turkey slices to make it into a warm sandwich. i love making this in the fall!': 2, 'leftover thanksgiving panini: cheddar, sliced turkey, cranberry sauce.': 2, 'take the leftover dressing/stuffing and throw it in the waffle iron, use it for your bread and you’ve got brunch the day after thanksgiving. you’re welcome.': 1, "i've never heard anyone refer to it as orange american cheese lol": 2, 'my parents used to peel cucumber and then slice them longways and sprinkle with salt and pepper, loved those as a kid. they also would cut tomatoes into wedges and sprinkle a bit of sugar. simple easy snacks': 19, 'yep, cucumber sandwiches are the way to go!!': 1, "cucumber, white vinegar, & salt was my aunt's favorite side dish/snack": 1, 'celery, cream cheese, everything but the bagel seasoning': 18, 'hummus + anything': 46, 'hummus with a spoon 😂': 30, 'hummus + finger': 37, 'hummus + red bell pepper. delish!': 1, 'how do you prep the finger?': 1, 'wash well with soap and warm water.': 2, 'i actually didn’t like this as much as i thought i would. i had my wisdom teeth pulled so was only eat soft foods. hummus on a spoon was hard for me to get through. it was too rich i think': 2, 'black beans and yellow rice\n\nhummus and baby carrots \n\ncucumber, mint ,yogurt, salt and garlic': 62, '*eats plain tzatziki in the corner*': 86, 'what i was referring to was a cold mediterranean cucumber salad which is basically tzatziki haha': 13, 'snezhanka in bulgarian, snowflake salad': 1, 'this made me laugh harder than expected, take my silver!': 6, 'upvoting beans and rice for being a [complete protein](https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/complete-protein-for-vegans#10.-rice-and-beans).\n> together, rice and beans contain all nine essential amino acids to form a complete source of protein. approximately 1 cup (239 grams) provides 12 grams of this nutrient.': 5, 'to the rice: add turmeric, &/or a little curry powder.  and salt.  maybe some butter, too.  (heck, every other flavor combo i come up with has butter.)': 2, 'laughing cow swiss cheese spread on cucumber slices': 32, 'this might sounds weird but once someone made me try it i freaking loved it. carrots and peanut butter!!': 45, 'celery is also a solid choice.': 19, 'ants on a log = celery stick stuffed w. peanut butter w.raisins along the top': 2, 'solid snack, i thought i was the only one!!': 13, 'celery and peanut butter too': 3, 'i brought this to work one time in my lunch and people thought it was weird! glad it’s not just my family who does this! we do celery and pb too, but i prefer celery with cream cheese.': 3, 'i can vouch for this combo being gas.': 2, "i'm a carrot and ketchup gal myself xd": 1, "if you're really feeling the funk, try bananas and mayonnaise.": 1, 'arrest this man': 4, 'spaghetti and garlic bread sandwich. it’s carb overload but it’ll change your life. sourdough bread is the best for this': 13, 'through some cheese to clog the arteries a little more too! yum.\n\nused to do spaghetti and meatball sandwiches like this.': 3, 'yay to clogging our arteries': 3, 'yes!! i love that on the internet you can always find someone who likes what you like (and in this case, horrifies others when i describe it ha). \n\ni also love the low-key version with a generic white bread with butter. brings me back to first day of school in childhood. \n\neach versions hit differently.': 3, 'my new friend': 1, 'apples, grapes, cheese. cut ‘em up and stick ‘em on a toothpick for maximum fanciness.': 15, 'cottage cheese and canned peaches. lowest effort for a filling and cheap breakfast or snack.': 23, 'peaches and poppyseed dressing is da bomb!!': 5, 'cottage cheese and canned pineapple!': 2, 'really any canned fruit. i’ve gotten mandarins and pears as well!': 2, 'granny smith apple with cheddar and a honey drizzle.': 9, "god, i hate myself for loving this as a kid.   cambell's cream of mushroom  soup and rice.  i would put in raw medium grain rice and cook it with the soup mix and water and make a porridge type thing that i effing loved.  i'd mix an egg in at the end.  i crave this when i'm sick.": 21, 'when i was a kid, my family made this weird "asian" food dish with browned hamburger, cream of mushroom soup, and the canned la choy chop suey vegetables. put it over  rice with schwan\'s pork egg rolls and you had yourself dinner.  my husband hates it. lol': 6, 'yes!  you can add some chicken as well.  how long do you cook it?': 2, "i would usually cook this low and slow in the background for 20 to 30 minutes. chicken could definitely be added, don't ask me why i never did that 😂": 2, "i've been into cream of chicken soup with chicken broth baked with uncooked orzo pasta and chicken thighs.  it has become a kind of comfort food for me.  the chicken thighs add a nice protein. sometimes i add sour cream or shredded cheese.  \n\ni think i will do the rice and cream of mushroom soup sometime soon.  it does sound like a major comfort food.  creamy goodness!": 1, "don't hate urself , sounds healthy & delicious": 2, "my mom used to make this, still does. except with ground hamburger and peas. it's pretty great.": 2, 'canned sardines and rice, top tier lazy lunch': 10, 'cheese and grapes\n\ngreek yogurt and peanut butter': 21, 'apple and cheese': 1, 'in a similar vein, pears and cheese': 1, 'banana + walnut  , mango + cashew': 9, 'greek yogurt with granola and berries (i buy frozen berries and make my own granola on weekends, it’s stupid easy). banana with peanut butter. peanut butter toast with fruit (strawberries or banana are nice right on top). scrambled eggs and toast (a little more work, but fast, delicious, and good for you). hummus or bean dip with something to dip (jicama, pita, carrots, tortilla chips, cucumber). mini cheese plate (1-2 types of cheese, crackers, maybe a cured meat, and some fruit). tuna salad on crackers (also egg or chicken salad). cottage cheese with fruit or veg thrown in (cucumber and radish is nice, and peaches, pineapple, and strawberry are classic).': 17, ">greek yogurt with granola and berries\n\nthis is my go to breakfast during cheap blueberry season. i'm considering trying it with frozen raspberries too.": 2, 'i always have frozen raspberries on hand to put in greek yogurt if i don’t have fresh fruit.  pomegranate arils are my favorite fresh fruit to add to greek yogurt, gives it texture and delicious bursts of flavor. i’m loving fresh mango season right now, delicious in greek yogurt': 2, 'you have literally recited the contents of my refrigerator': 1, 'i’m not classy. i do ritz or kashi.': 1, 'cheddar cheese and fruit jam.\n\ndon’t knock it til you try it.': 17, 'i love grilled cheese sandwiches with jelly on top. this is basically that': 6, 'as a kid my grandma would put a slice of cheese on bread, sprinkle sugar on it then toast it in the oven, us grandkids ate that shit up.': 2, 'add a slice of ham. i am quite partial to chedder, raspberry jam, and ham. if we are feeling fancy, then brie, raspberry jam and bacon.': 2, 'that sounds delightful': 1, 'i used to melt cheddar cheese on my ego waffle (school) and top with jam!': 2, 'bread+sausage;\nmuesli+fruit+yogurt;\nboiled eggs;\nprotein powder+oats+nuts;\nwalnuts+nutella': 38, "i love that you paired eggs with nothing and it's still a rad snack": 69, 'egg yolks + egg whites = perfect combo': 98, 'boiled water and egg... damn': 11, 'add mayo if you want. just slather it on. but mayo is an egg based product so…': 6, "hard boiled egg sliced in half spread w. mustard & mayo, paprika sprinkled on top. the lazy person's deviled egg": 2, 'egg³': 1, "there's a name for that in france. oeuf mayonnaise. so delicious.": 1, "i boil like 8 eggs at the beginning of some weeks just so i can have some emergency protein when i don't feel like cooking. throw a little pepper on there, maybe salt if i feel like hydrating. if it's dinner then i'll also take a couple broccoli florets out of the package, drizzle with ranch dressing or cheese or eat it raw. for me eating healthy is just showing up every day. like those students who did a phoned in powerpoint presentation that was clearly made earlier that morning, but  ultimately they did deliver a project. they might get a c- but it's not a 0. i'll get fancier when i feel ready but a c- is better than where i was.": 2, 'yep': 2, 'boiled eggs + vinegar and seasonings = happiness': 1, 'hard boiled (cooked) egg, my fav. night time snack': 1, 'toasted english muffin, butter, and a drizzle of honey.  so good!': 9, 'if you like abba zabba candy or fluffernutter sandwiches, you should try a scoop of peanut butter in vanilla yogurt': 9, 'peanut butter and honey on toast': 9, "pita bread, hummus, cucumber slices. try that if you haven't yet. bonus if you add other greens": 2, ' \n- cottage cheese and melon\n- watermelon and feta\n- frozen waffles and microwaved frozen berries (if you want to be fancy: syrup/icing sugar and/or yogurt and/or whipped cream)\n- cheat “ice cream”/smoothie bowl (basically just extra thick smoothie, frozen fruit and milk/plant milk/cream/yogurt. if you want to freeze it add liquor to prevent it getting too solid \n-boil pasta/potatoes add a bunch of frozen peas and corn to cool it down, add mayo and season \n- deli meat, bit of honey mustard, wrap around pickle, eat': 20, 'ah yes, the freezing is why we add the liquor 😉': 3, 'cream cheese on sliced ham rolled onto a pickle, sliced into bites. pickle treats! delish.': 5, 'or for pickle haters like myself - use a slice of cheese in the middle instead. cheese, cream cheese, and ham is a great combo!': 2, 'thin sliced chicken deli meat rolled up filled w. ricotta cheese & dipped in mustard.': 2, 'i do frozen blueberry waffle and peanut butter sandwich!': 1, 'fruit jam and cream cheese on a bagel': 14, 'black beans and sweet potatoes (cubed and roasted in the oven with salt and pepper and maybe some cumin).  the earthiness of the black beans is a great compliment to the sweetness of the sweet potatoes.  throw them together in a taco shell or a tortilla, with some quick pickled cabbage (cole slaw mix is a terrific lazy alternative) and you’ve got an easy dinner, baby!\n\nrandom easy breakfast:  cottage cheese with mandarins.  yum!': 8, 'tomato sauce and mozzarella. \n\ntortilla and any melty cheese + veggies. make a quesadilla.': 8, 'scrambled eggs and pesto, such a delicious combination': 7, 'cottage cheese and pumpkin seeds': 4, 'yogurt and granola and strawberries and blueberries': 5, 'pre-made hummus and 1. carrot sticks or chips 2. pita chips 3. bell pepper strips 3. pretzels. other veggies could work too': 6, 'cucumber, lime and taijin': 6, 'dark chocolate and candied ginger.': 6, 'ricotta and crushed pistachios drizzled with honey. i had it first time in a restaurant in rome and was blown away!': 6, 'popcorn with soy sauce mixed in with the butter - very umami!': 14, 'mmm... umami!': 2, 'i mix sriracha in with the melted butter and add a few shakes of nutritional yeast. it’s perfect': 2, "mashed potatoes with sweet peas mixed in. i'm trying to get rid of most of the dairy i put in potatoes, but i love this combo.\n\nif you're feeling adventurous, i recently made salt and vinegar mashed potatoes.": 11, 'german potato salad is made with vinegar instead of mayo. potatoes, a little beef broth, vinegar, onions, salt and pepper. different regions make it differently, i also add shaved cucumbers to mine.': 3, 'oooh, i really like mash potato and corn with a bit of bbq sauce!': 2, 'kinda like a redneck poutain.': 1, "i just did it to taste... i'm sorry. plenty of salt and more vinegar than i expected. i just boil a pot of potatoes and estimate and taste. once they're boiled, i drain and add whatever spices i want. most often that is salt, pepper, and garlic powder. then i just add 1-2 cans of sweet peas into the same pot after draining them. if it needs it, i'll put the range on low to heat up the peas.": 2, "feta cheese and watermelon. try this on a hot summer day and it will blow ur fckin mind. \n\nanother one i like is dipping a banana in peanutbutter and then nutella, but this ones an obv one lol\n\navocado and honey, take the pit out and just fill the hole with honey and eat it with a spoon. \n\ncanned tuna + mayo + cubed tomato, pickles and marble cheese. mix in a bowl, it's easy, cheap and actually super filling.": 12, 'soft boiled egg in an avocado half': 3, 'salmon and goat cheese and pesto!': 9, 'bean salad: 3 cans of different beans (drained), can of cut green beans (drained), bottled vinaigrette, and seasoning. keeps in the fridge for a week; can be eaten at room temperature.\n\navocado toast with taijin.\n\npouch of precooked rice, kimchi, and hard-boiled egg.\n\nramen with peanut butter and jammy egg.': 9, 'i throw a chopped stalk or two of celery in, maybe a sliced cuke or red pepper, red onion thinly sliced and quick-pickled in the microwave.': 1, '3 bean salad & add garbanzo ,  make my own sugar free vinaigrette': 1, 'bean salad has endless variations. you can add corn and pickled jalapeños with chili powder, feta cheese and pepperoncini with oregano, etc.\n\na great use for leftover fresh, frozen, or canned veg.': 2, 'i once went to a baby shower and one of the snacks was literally just chunks of pineapple and cream cheese on a toothpick and it was amazing.': 10, 'banana and peanut butter': 6, 'pasta and pesto': 13, 'rice and salad': 4, 'pickles and gouda cheese.': 5, "blueberries and whole raw almonds!! they compliment each other ridiculously well and it's super healthy for you too!": 3, 'this ain\'t healthy but when i\'m lazy and want dessert i put chocolate chips in a tortilla and make a chocolate-only "quesadilla" or choco-dilla': 4, 'bless you': 2, "if you have a toaster oven a croissant and some honey is primo. \n\nset your toaster oven to bagel. cut the croissant in half with the inside facing up and the outside down. apply a teaspoon of honey when it's done crisping. \n\nfluffy and warm on the exterior, light and crispy in the interior with a sweet, floral and buttery taste.": 4, 'diced tomatoes, minced cilantro, salt, pepper, lime juice. you could even pair that with baked chicken': 10, "havent read the other comments so sorry if i'm repeating:\n\npepperoni & cheese (and crackers if you want)\n\nyogurt and fruit\n\nhomemade trailmixes\n\navocado toast\n\ndeviled eggs are really easy to make too, the hardest part is boiling/peeling the egg": 14, 'my stomach was all wonky this weekend and one of the only things that tasted good was crackers with a port wine cheddar cheese spread (the real stuff, not the processed cheese product) and a slice of pepperoni.': 1, "i don't exactly make trailmix, but my own mixed nuts and i'll buy a trailmix to add to it, just to give it a touch of spice or whatever.": 1, 'delete this': 0, 'kielbasa or polish sausage and cheese cubes. my step grandpa (natural one died before born) used to bring out a bowl of this all the time when i was little. i still do it 35 years later, but use different meats. its actually a pretty great light lunch. sometimes i buy meat sticks on sale, cheese, and almonds. i cut the sticks into inch pcs, smallish cubes of cheese, and put them in one of those "lunchable" type tupperware containers with the almonds.. sometimes throw in some cut up cucumber or radish..': 7, 'watermelon and feta cheese': 1, 'watermelon and any salty cheese :)': 3, 'this goes well with bread also': 1, "- greek yogurt with diced cucumbers, ground mint and ground garlic\n- watermelon and feta cheese \n- mashed avocado with ground ginger, lime/lemon juice and peanuts\n- hot boiled potatoes mashed with olive oil, salt and pepper. add cold greek yogurt and it's even better\n- tomato slices topped with garlic dip and sprinkled with sumac": 3, 'zucchini and tomato.  can also throw in some onion': 3, 'i really like having cottage and fruit or cottage cheese with horseradish.': 3, "cottage cheese and horseradish - i'll have to try. it took me a long time to like cottage cheese because folks were recommending pairings that i never cared for. i love it plain, but always looking for an add-in.": 2, 'tahini and blackstrap molasses: mix them together and you have a delicious caramel-like dip that may not be healthy per se but at least has more vitamins/nutrients (iron, magnesium, some protein, healthy fats) than actual caramel. eat with apples or bread. \n\ndiced hard boiled eggs and avocados with a bit of lime juice: yum. more protein than regular guacamole. eat with toast or tostadas.': 3, "do you do half-half? i've been looking for a good dairy-free caramel replacement.": 1, "nope, just tahini and blackstrap molasses.  but i've never used it in baking or anything like that, only as a dip.": 1, 'so what are the proportions then?': 1, 'oh sorry i misunderstood your question. yea usually about 50-50 but i just eyeball it.': 1, "i'll give it a shot, thanks.": 1, 'purple grapes and sharp cheddar': 3, 'oven roasted potatoes with olive oil and greek seasoning.': 3, 'a bag of washed greens and a can of garbanzo beans. all you need is olive oil, salt and pepper. lemon, garlic, red wine vinegar can all be used to up flavor. parm too.': 3, 'garlic cloves, tomatoes, olive oil, in the oven for like 10 minutes. bread to spread': 3, "ohohoh!!  zucchini bread and cheddar sandwiches.  yum.  (any sweet bread will work - i pair cheddar with starbuck's gingerbread at christmas)": 3, 'pickles + ranch. (i like bolthouse ranch, it’s made with yogurt.)': 3, 'today this: flour tortillas cooked on hot cast iron pan till crisp and dipped into black bean & corn salsa.  healthy? cheap yes. usually i deep fry the tortillas after cutting into triangles but i’m trying to be healthier…': 3, 'could bake tortillas too to limit oil use.': 2, 'i don’t use oil or anything on the hot cast iron. and i don’t use my oven ever it makes my place too hot': 1, 'rye toast and salted butter.  \n\ntomato-mayo sandwiches on toasted rye bread.': 3, "alright, this is gonna sound weird but...\n\ncabbage and strawberries. but you don't eat them together. you eat a couple strawberries until the sweet starts to get to you, then you switch to cabbage until it's about to taste bitter, then you switch back and forth until the entire bowl is gone and you're wondering wtf just happened.": 3, 'watermelon and mint, with a bit of lemon juice. =summer fresh to me.': 3, 'avocado and hummus on toast, topped with halved cherry tomatoes\n\npeanut butter and chopped strawberries on toast (healthy pb&j)\n\ngreek yoghurt with papaya, kiwifruit and walnuts\n\negg, soba noodles, coleslaw mix (minus the sauce) and soy sauce (egg roll in a bowl)\n\nany salad with hummus instead of dressing': 3, 'not just apples with peanut butter, but really most nuts and fruit combinations are great. i am in the fourth trimester with a newborn at home and so simple things like a hard boiled egg and some cherry tomatoes and sliced cucumber as a meal, or a handful of nuts and a bowl full of berries. honestly eating healthy and at a good cost is so much easier than people think. i honestly think putting together ramen is more effort than just grabbing an apple and a handful of nuts.': 3, 'cream cheese with hot pepper jelly on top, makes a good finger food or appetizer with crackers!': 3, 'baked beans with a can of crushed pineapple..... by itself...on toast....alongside some bacon or ham...hot or cold.\nyum': 3, 'now hear me out: vanilla ice cream and balsamic vinegar': 3, "literally banana and nutella is all you will ever need. add crushed nuts and whipped cream if you're feeling decadent": 3, "\nsorry i can't think of any simple universal combinations like pbj \nbut i have a  few combinations \nthese can be a used a snack \nmix jaggery with  any of these \n\n\n[roasted chana dal](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/_xty2zpmc2ec/tffkducjvwi/aaaaaaaaao4/bipncmovdgc/s1600/roasted+dal) idk if it's available all over the world if not  you can find them  in indian grocery store(it's a versatile food grain mainly used for chutneys)\n\nslightly roasted peanuts (no oil) prefer iron utensil\n\n\n\n2.[tamarind rice/lemon rice](https://youtu.be/2mivyg3ox5m) with curd/yoghurt\n3.garlic bread and mayonnaise\n4.teriyaki chicken and yoghurt.": 3, 'slice up cucumber and tomato in cubes, add some feta cheese, and your favorite vinaigrette/balsamic dressing and done!': 3, 'whiskey and pickle juice': 4, 'yes!!!': 1, 'chips and salsa, bonus if you make your own pico or something similarly healthy. i have eaten chips and salsa as a meal many times.': 5, 'deli meat wrapped around thin slices of pickle.': 5, 'add some cream cheese to elevate this even more': 2, 'yogurt with bread.\npumpkin puree/yogurt with rice cakes.\noatmeal with cottage cheese.': 2, 'italian sausage (chicken/vegan/pork… doesn’t matter) crumbled and sautéed and add zucchini': 2, '- port and dark chocolate. \n- granny smith apples and good cheddar \n- watermelon and parmesan': 2, 'radishes/carrots with hummus/baba ganoush is great': 2, 'sliced banana and strawberries with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar.': 2, 'applesauce with blue berries and cinnamon': 2, 'cheese and crackers, grapes and cheese,  salami and cheese, strawberries and whip cream, yogurt and granola, bread and butter…': 2, 'yogurt, thyme, basil, oregano, garlic (powder) and salt for a simple but amazing salad dressing / dip that goes well with cucumbers, cabbage, celery, etc.': 2, "canned chick peas with any pre-made sauce. i frequently put a handful of spinach, half a can of drained chick peas, few tablespoons of ready made panaag curry (or pesto, depending on mood), microwave for 2 minutes. if i'm feeling fancy i'll slice some peppers to top it out of microwave.": 2, 'peanut butter on bread.': 2, 'pb, nutella, jam on a tortilla. add honey and cinnamon if your sweet tooth can handle it.': 1, 'cottage cheese, berries, pepitas': 2, 'coleslaw mix and green onion with ramen...sriracha': 2, 'shrimp with cilantro and lime juice, or garlic and butter. takes like 2 minutes for the shrimp to cook through in a saute pan and goes perfectly with a simple side like rice.': 2, 'classic broccoli chicken and rice': 2, 'finely cut red cabbage with scallions and carrots sliced with potato peeler. season with olive oil, apple cider vinegar salt&pepper yum': 2, 'milk chocolate and corn snacks': 2, 'hummus and tomato slices': 2, 'avocado and soy sauce': 2, 'black beans, canned green peppers, and cheese flautas. it only takes 5-10 mins to prep and cook. good protein too': 2, "has anyone ever tried mustard and carrots?  it's actually pretty good.": 2, 'chickpea and tahini': 2, 'pizza and gala apple slices': 2, 'cut an apple into bite size chunks and add to a salad bowl with some chopped walnuts. mix together with a couple tablespoons of a good quality creamy blue cheese dressing. if you like blue cheese this is a crazy good little salad.': 2, 'asparagus and oyster sauce. serve this over some brown rice. it’s delicious.': 2, 'pineapple and mango.  alternating, ideally.  😋': 2, 'green grapes and any other normal berries (blueberries, strawberries, blackberries...)  the grapes add an exponential sweetness.': 2, 'golden raisins with walnuts 🤤': 2, 'medjool dates dunked into almond butter.': 2, 'cream cheese & green olives, on a bagel preferably': 2, 'cracker, peanutbutter, siracha. easy and tastes like tai food.': 2, 'baked vegetables, olive oil (or butter), salt.': 2, 'beets & goat cheese': 2, 'can of beans and frozen corn, microwaved for a few minutes. can add cheese etc.': 2, 'pineapple and cinnamon': 2, 'as a dessert, raspberries stuffed with 2-3 stevia sweetened dark chocolate chips.': 2, 'goat cheese and beets': 2, 'handful of raisins, handful of cashews.': 2, 'red grapes and blue cheese. next level platter.': 2, 'cheese quesadilla with hummus': 2, 'ooh that sounds good!  i usually put hummus on my sandwiches/wraps instead of mustard/mayo/sauce': 1, 'fried potato tacos \ncorn tortillas \noil \nmashed potatoes': 2, 'meatless hot dogs and baked beans.': 2, 'i like to put seasoned scrambled eggs on my toast :)': 2, 'white rice-canned tuna-soy sauce': 2, 'melt parmesan and butter then eat with apples': 2, 'sliced tomato and salt': 2, 'sliced apple and lime': 1, 'bell peppers and hummus! 😊': 2, 'vegemite and tomato on toast.': 2, 'green apples and sharp yellow cheddar': 2, 'i love this post!\n\navocado with sea salt sprinkled on it\n\nbroccoli steamed then add butter and sea salt \n\npopcorn then add chilli powder and salt\n\nseeded toast with loads of salted butter': 2, 'carrots and hummus': 1, 'instant mashed potatoes and whatever cheese you like.': 2, 'graham crackers and cream cheese': 2, 'rice and lentils.': 2, 'omg hear me out \n\nhot fries and sweet and sour sauce. i ate that with my eyes closed drunk as hell after a night out. changed my life forever.': 2, 'this was the wrong list to read while recovering from food poisoning.': 2, 'black beans and brown rice. that combo while bland on it\'s face can be spiced to your taste and contains some of every amino acids humans need making it a "complete protein" meal.  add a tiny bit of meat for b12 and your can literally live on beans and rice alone.': 2, 'cottage cheese and avacadoes.': 2, 'rice and sunny side up eggs. i usually add a spoonful of hoisin then drizzle with soy and hot sauce. very cheap and low effort. especially if you own a rice cooker.': 2, 'eggs and anything': 2, 'beans and brown rice.  cheap, easy, and a complete protein.   so many interesting ways to add flavor.': 2, 'my wife is all about corn on the cob and peanut butter. she also makes peanut butter and cheddar cheese sandwiches.': 2, "ritz and anything. ritz alone. i dont work for ritz and i'm not mitch hedberg.\n\nbut ritz.": 2, 'pasta salad straight out of a box is crazy easy to make, and you can add some leftover chicken or boiled eggs for protein. i generally throw in some diced tomatoes, spinach, peppers, whatever veggies i have handy. keeps for a few days in the fridge so it’s one of my go-to meal prep ideas.': 2, 'cream cheese and salsa- eaten with wheat thins- so much more than the sum of its parts!': 2, 'french here: goat cheese + honey.': 2, "this was such a weird question when i read it, but reading these answers has been amazing. very eye opening. i have a lot of these ingredients in some form or fashion, and i'm excited to put some of these ideas together to make quick snacks. plus this is a majority of what i want to make and need. so thank you for this question! it was more helpful than i would have expected.": 2, 'hollowed out dates and goat cheese in the middle. mmmmmm.': 2, 'low fat cottage cheese and a ton of black pepper': 2, 'chopped cucumbers and tomatoes with oil and vinegar!': 2, 'avocado on toast. its so good. bonus points if you mash up the avovado and add some seasoning to it and a bit of lime then spread it on your toast': 2, 'scotch and cigars': 2, 'french fries and vanilla ice cream. could be any flavor, though.': 2, 'the vegetarian flavor bible is a book you would love.': 2, 'boiled potatoes and pesto': 2, 'brie cheese and apple': 2, 'single piece of kraft cheese wrapped around deli lunch meat': 2, 'crackers and pepperoni slices.  add cheese if you like.  any lunch meat and cheese on crackers can work.  lots of choices, including the cracker.': 2, 'strawberries dipped in sour cream then dipped in brown sugar. trust me.\n\nalso, dates stuffed with goat cheese.': 2, 'tortilla, cheese, sliced turkey/shredded chicken, spinach and some chipotle aioli. easy as 1 2 3 4 5.': 2, 'grilled corn with butter and salt. hits so hard on another level.': 2, 'roasted broccoli rob with bacon. that’s it. amazing flavor.': 2, 'toast with pesto, ricotta, and tomatoes. crack some pepper for a little extra oomph': 2, 'strawberries dipped in sour cream then brown sugar. sounds weird but that combo is to die for.': 2, 'rice, egg, soy\u200b sauce.': 2, 'yer peanut butter is in my chocolate—\n\nyer chocolate is in my peanut butter \n\n🤔': 2, 'tuna and mayo': 1, 'grape + cheese': 2, 'pita + everything': 2, 'smoked salmon, cream cheese, everything bagel': 2, 'can confirm': 2, 'macaroni and tuna': 2, 'lentils and greens--amazing! and apparently roman soldiers ate the combo often.': 2, 'like spinach- no dressing or anything?': 1, "absolutely. first, i instant pot a one-pound (1#) bag of dry lentils with eight (8) cups of water (manual for seven minutes, natural release for 15 minutes, then quick release/open). second, stir in a big bag of greens (spinach, kale, whatever) until the greens wilt. third, dump mixture into a colander to strain/drain. fourth, dump into mixing bowl. fifth, i add some olive oil (recommend four (4) tablespoons), spices (like salt, pepper, southwest or cayenne powder, etc.), or whatever you like. \n\nit's amazing, and i even add a bag or two of frozen vegetables (cauliflower, stir fry mixed vegetable bag, etc.) before straining if you like. \n\nmakes about six (6) or seven (7) mason jars (2-cup size), and if you call them while they're hot, they vacuum seal themselves and keep for several days in the refrigerator. \n\nsuper filling but easily digested, so this is my go-to late night snack when i just can't stay away from the sweets!": 2, 'thank you for that. i will give it a try!': 1, 'cottage cheese + sliced tomatoes (slice them 20 mins before you eat and sprinkle with kosher salt)': 2, "peanut butter and soy sauce can be mixed together and put on anything you're frying.": 2, 'cantaloupe and prosciutto. honey and a slightly soft cheese': 2, 'chilli tuna and rice, the ultimate lazy lunch': 2, 'medjool dates and peanutbutter 😃': 2, "crunchy pretzels with cottage cheese. don't ask and don't think about it, but give it a try....": 2, 'sliced pears and cheese (calchego, sharp cheddar or smoked gouda are my faves)': 2, 'fruit and cheese. have some company over and they may think “o wow, such class”': 2, 'dates and almonds for the win!': 2, 'what about dinner leftovers?': 2, "if you have broccoli florets, toss it with olive oil, salt, and pepper, then roast it until its a little charred. it's great by itself or in salads/as a side.": 2, 'rice and guac': 2, 'basil and balsamic, also dijon mustard and sour cream or plain yogurt makes a great dip for chicken': 3, 'tomatoes & feta cheese.\npretzels & nutella.\ncucumber & ranch dressing.\nhummus & crackers': 3, 'smoked salmon or turkey with mustard… gross but i literally just slather it on and go for it\n\nalso weird but any sharper cheese + hummus… aged white cheddar, pecorino, gruyere.. cut a lil rectangle and dip it in. obvi celery or carrots w hummus too. really anything w hummus, i fucking love hummus\n\neta: tomato, ricotta, and a bit of balsamic and salt/pepper if u wanna get real fancy': 3, 'smoked salmon and literally anything else.  peanut butter, pineapple, berries, avocado, bread, rice, butter, heavy cream, jelly/jam, cheese, celery, cucumbers, tomato, peaches, apples, grapes, broccoli, dry beans (cooked, of course), cabbage, crackers, potato chips, ...\n\n... bacon, sausage, cilantro, croissants, doughnuts (yes), cream cheese, chicken, kim chi, honeydew, cheddar or mozzarella, eggs, salad dressing, ...\n\ni challenge anyone to find a grocery item that doesn’t pair with smoked salmon!': 4, 'pb2 powder mixed into vanilla greek yogurt. dip fruit into it. vanilla wafers into it. throw in a smoothie. eat it straight': 2, 'over medium egg with sourdough toast is a great light breakfast/midday snack.': 4, 'bacon and havarti cheese': 2, 'bacon and anything.': 1, 'ole high fiber wrap + garlic hummus + turkey + lettuce. so good and so easy!': 2, 'cottage cheese and pineapple!!!! then sprinkle some pepper on top, so good.': 2, 'or cantaloupe, or watermelon.': 1, 'you can get pre cooked rotisserie chicken.. black beans.. some instant rice\nseason to taste.. my fave go to quick meal.\neven cooking a thin sliced breast up doesn’t take long.': 2, 'mashed sweet potato and literally any meat': 2, 'chicken, rice, broccoli and cheese.  love mixing up my leftovers like that.': 2, 'bell pepper cut in half, sliced turkey inside, and cheese on top. microwave for a min to slightly melt the cheese!': 2, 'eggs and sourdough toast i could eat anytime of day. pineapple sausage with roasted veggies (usually broccoli) is another go-to meal for me.': 1, '* smoked salmon + avocado\n* smoked salmon + dill + squeeze of lemon\n* melon and cured ham (ibérico, parma ham…)\n* mango + paprika + squeeze of lemon/lime\n* goat cheese + nuts + balsamic vinegar/cream\n* lightly sautee a garlic clove cut in slices with a dry chili pepper, and then add any veg into the pan (spinach goes great)\n* hummus (or any other dip like guacamole, tzatziki or baba ganoush) + carrots\n* cut a tomato into big chunks, finely chop some white onion, mix in a bowl and dress with salt, pepper, ground cumin, a bit of vinegar, and olive oil\n* hard cheese and grapes\n* dates or dried figs, slice in half and put half a walnut (or any other nut) inside\n* anchovies + cherry tomatoes': 1, 'i love wafer thin turkey/chicken and spinach, wrapped together, sometimes with balsamic': 1, 'cream cheese, berries and pesto (ideally fresh leaves). really good topping for your favourite bread': 1, 'sliced honey ham, wrapped around a chunk of sharp cheddar, dipped in sour cream.\n\ni figured this one out on a camping trip.  i was too lazy to make a sandwich, haha': 1, "frozen meatballs with sauce from jar.\n\nnuke the meatballs (plant based meat works too) until they are warm. dump 1/4 jar of pasta sauce, nuke again for a minute, top with a pat of butter and some good parm/reg (not that sandy shit, you know what i'm talking about).\n\nyou don't need the noodles, and i won't call it italian, but it fills the belly with little or no carbs, in little or no time at all.": 1, 'peas and carrots.': 1, 'i just had a sandwich with mayo, peanut butter and lettuce and it was amazing': 1, 'avocado and vegemite on toast': 1, 'did the planet pluto write this?': 1, 'hear me out. egg noodles and cottage cheese. after cooking the noodles, add cottage cheese and warm it up a bit together.': 1, 'if you have a crock pot, just throw some chicken in there with a jar of whatever salsa of choice. do that at the beginning of the day and you have really tasty chicken for dinner': 1, 'this might sound weird, but plain steamed white rice and salted butter and a touch of soy is amazing!  (for bonus points furikake takes this to the next level, and for the  brave a poached egg or diced pan fried spam).  i guess maybe i got excited : rice+butter+salt': 1, '- petite dill pickles and dry roast peanuts\n- cracker with cream cheese and drop of hot sauce and pickle chip': 1, 'hear me out….\n\n\n\navocado and toast.': 1, 'bacon wrapped dates, bonus points for stuffed with cheese.': 1, 'peanut butter and bacon on toasted sourdough': 1, 'whiskey with a pickle juice chaser': 0, 'luncheon meat in a flour tortilla with cheese. makes for an easy quesadilla or rolled taco.': 0, 'dipped in ranch': 0, "i like tortilla, pepperoni, shredded cheese.  microwave it for a bit and roll it up.  it's great!": 1, 'ok. but go with me here\n\ntunafish and grape juice': 0, 'oh yeah i’ve had this a lot growing up, but i get how people would think it’s weird': 1, 'holy shit i thought i was alone': 1, "i wasn't. it's still delicious.": 1, 'omg you’re crazy bro 😵': 1, "no no, you've gone too far.\n\nthis is like a comfort food.\n\nbread. canned tuna. \n\nbite it, leave it in your mouth\n\nsip grape drink. swish and swallow": 2, 'peanut butter goes with everything. fruits, meat, grains, literally anything.': 0, 'ground beef and kale with a slightly sweet asian sauce, could just be coconut nectar extract.': 0, 'chicken and chorizo, in a stew or just fried together.': 0, 'boil potatoes, carrots and fish together. minimal effort, minimal mess.': 0, 'bell peppers (or hotter if you’re like me and addicted to capsaicin) stuffed with seasoned lean ground beef': 0, 'pizza and beer.': 0, 'fried eggs & real butter.  salt & a maybe little pepper, if you want.': 0, 'rice and soy sauce. instant mashed potatoes and cheese. canned refried beans, salsa, mix and eat on romaine lettuce. banana and peanut/ almond butter. gently mashed canned beans on toast.': 0, 'french fries and ketchup.': 0, 'prociutto wrapped around melon....yummy': 0, 'cottage cheese and any jelly, fresh berries, melon, or pineapple.\n\nyogurt, granola and honey\n\npoached egg in salsa w/ toast\n\ncabbage & sausage\n\ngrilled cheese and can of tomato soup.  must dip the grilled cheese in the soup.. mmmm\n\navocado and toast / bagel / english mufffin\n\nbagel, smoked salmon, cream cheese, onion slice\n\navocado & mozzarella w/ balsamic reduction\n\ncubed tofu w/ sesame oil & oyster sauce (this is uncooked)': 0, 'apples and onions. sauteed together they go well on top of meats, often pork.': 0, 'spinach dip with trader joe’s chili onion crunch': 0, 'pork chops and curdled cheese.': 0, 'chicken and rice \nyou can slow cook a whole chicken, make broth out of the bones and then cook rice in the broth. crazy flavorful and enough to eat for a few days. rice is cheap af and a whole chicken is cheaper than buying parts \nif you have veg throw it in to make it even healthier': 0, 'turkey bacon and brussel sprouts': 0, 'macaroni with scrambled eggs and ketchup - takes like 8 minutes to boil the macaroni and like 3 to make the scrambled eggs\n\nbuttered bread with sliced hard boiled egg on top and salted\n\nspaghetti with store bought bolognese sauce\n\ncouscous with canned beans in mexican/tomato sauce\n\noatmeal with banana/apple\n\nchips and sour cream\n\nfries with ketchup\n\napple sauce with biscuits\n\n\nall of these should take like 10 minutes to prepare. i would say these meals are pretty cheap but some are not that healthy.': 0, 'mac n cheese with ham and peas\n\ncouscous with mixed veggies (and meat if you prefer)\n\nair fryer salmon (paprika and pepper)\n\nomelette in a mug (eggs, cheese, meat, spinach or any other veggies)': 0, 'chicken and rice': 0, 'any kind of rice with any kind of beans or legumes.\ncook with onions and garlic and it’s seriously satisfying': 0, 'bacon and guacamole. or really bacon and anything.': 0, 'hot dog and bun. can’t beat it.': 0, 'that there is a high quality, delicious, nutritious meal. food of the gods.': 1, "applesauce with peanut butter\n\ncucumber slices and salsa \n\ngrapes and cheese\n\ntomatoes, cheese, olive oil and vinegar (doesn't have to be balsamic)\n\npepperoni and cheese\n\n\nyou can make just about anything with instant rice, tomatoes or veggies and add beans or canned chicken. the frozen precooked grilled chicken is super convenient. today i made chicken teriyaki with the precooked chicken, frozen stir fry veggies and teriyaki sauce. took less than 10 minutes total and i have extra for tomorrow.": 0, 'pickles and cheese \n\ntomato and mozzarella\n\nyogurt and fruit/granola \n\neggs and bacon': 0, '* bananas with chocolate sauce\n* bacon on toast\n   * anything on toast, frankly\n* pb&j\n* carrots with pb\n* ramen & edamame takes me 5-7 min tops (buy frozen edamame from grocery store and just heat up for 4 min)\n* taco meat & chips. just cook taco meat like normal, put in bowl or tubaware and scoop out with fritos scoops/doritos/tostitos. takes 10 min tops and is super easy to cook.\n* apples and cinnamon sugar\n* crackers/matzah with any spread (nutella/pb/butter)\n* nutella and pb\n\nthis list can be expanded if you have an air fryer.': 0, 'deli ham, cream cheese, pickle. a midwest classic.': 0, 'beer n chocolate': 0, 'sliced turkey, honey mustard, green apple slices, swiss cheese in a tortilla wrap': 0, 'turkey pepperoni and string cheese\n\ncottage cheese with green olives and coarse black pepper and/or italian seasoning stirred in (hideous and tasty)\n\nedamame defrosted and salted\n\nfrozen dumplings': 0, 'pork and apple': 0, 'for dinner tonight i made pinto beans, rice, smoked sausage, and hot water cornbread. the cornbread is not low effort, so disregard. \n\nthe beans just take time. and super low effort if you have a slow cooker (and like an hour ish if you have an instant pot or other pressure cooker).\n\nrice takes like 30 minutes. less if you toast the rice with a little oil before adding the water. \n\ncut up and brown both sides of the sausage in a dry skillet. crazy satisfying.': 0, 'if you have leftover chicken, chicken salad is really easy to make. i use diced onions and pickles, mayo, salt, pepper, red pepper flakes, thyme, cayenne, and paprika in mine. sorry, no quantities because i never measure anything, just mix it all to taste. it maybe sounds involved because of all the ingredients but takes less than 5 minutes to make. \n\nif you like a sweeter chicken salad, use pecans, celery,  halved grapes or diced apples instead of the ingredients above.': 0, 'my go tos are as follows:\n\ncheese and triscuits (i will add my favorite lunch meat sometimes too) \nhummus and carrots or pretzel thins\nyogurt and fruit\npickle and ham deli meat (wrap it and eat it)\ncheese danish and espresso \nbroccoli, frozen instant rice, chicken, teriyaki sauce in fry pan\npeaches from a can and cottage cheese\ntomato sandwich (white bread, mayo, tomato, salt)\nquiche and tomatoes\nraspberries and persian cucumbers (eat them together in one bite)\negg and toast\navocado and toast\npeanut butter and jelly \nbanana and smoky almonds\nhard boiled egg and pickle': 0, 'ham and cheese': 0, 'lamb and tuna fish…delicious': 0, 'prosciutto and melon. \ndrape a thin slice of prosciutto over a slice of seedless melon. let sit for 10 minutes and enjoy.': 0, 'pork cracklins and hummus': 0, 'sliced turkey with avocado. roll it up and easy yummy snack.': 0, 'nothing goes together like lamb and tunafish.': 0, 'rice cake with peanut butter & banana (add chia or hemp seeds) \n\nroll up turkey deli meat with cheese \n\na piece of fruit with small handful of nuts': 0, "tomato on toasted bread, a drizzle of olive oil. melon + prosciutto. ricotta on bread as well. hummus + carrots or other veggies. add some grapes if you're feeling fancy. tomato salad with feta cheese.": 0, 'worms and crickets': 0, 'breakfast sausage patty and grape jelly. coffee and raisin walnut oatmeal(in separate bowl). blueberry and banana covered in honey. rotisserie chicken and chipotle bbq sauce. salami and cheese (not american).': 0, 'tuna + corn, best combo!!! you can add kidney beans to the mix too': 0, 'after reading through, we have to start blocking by country ip, british people are really dragging the thread down': 0, 'cold pasta and ketchup': 0, 'red wine and cheetos, red wine and peanut m and m’s.': -3, 'slugs (from the garden) and carrots. super cheap': -2, 'add in some hot sauce and black eyed peas.  all super cheap and a ton of flavor for your buck.': 1, 'a good cheese (gouda, swiss or white cheddar) and blueberries.': 1, 'kinda the same, but i recently "discovered" peanut butter on cantaloupe.': 1, 'i love cottage cheese with canned peaches.': 1, 'apple and raisins. i add them together with cooked pasta, cucumber, some basil, mint leaves and honey, amazing for the warmer days': 1, 'watermelon and feta': 1, 'blue berries, black berries and pomegranate': 1, 'canned salmon-pasta-pesto': 1, 'cooked carrots with salt and pepper finished with honey': 1, 'peanut butter on celery (sprinkled with a row of raisons or chocolate chips if you like)\n\n\ngranny smith apple with swiss cheese\n\n\nwaffle, topped with sour cream and brown sugar.': 1, 'peanut butter on celery wut! gotta try this': 1, 'canned tuna with mayonnaise (miracle whip)\n\nfish sticks with lettuce and curry ketchup/remoulade\n\ncheese with cucumber/tomatoes\n\ncarrots or berries with yoghurt\n\nscrambled eggs with sausage \n\npeanut butter with nutella': 1, 'yogurt, mixed with any fruit, mixed with oatmeal. allow for the mix to get to know each other for at least an hour in the fridge.': 1, 'good bread with minced garlic & olive oil to dip into\n\n(i say minced, but i usually use a microplane -- easier to clean than a garlic press)': 1, "anything salty with anything acidic. don't believe me? get some clausen dill pickle chips and get your favourite french fries and eat one of each in the same bite. same goes for salty and bitter. put a little pinch of kosher salt in black coffee and try it without any sugar or creamer, you'll be surprised how good it is.": 1, 'celery and blue cheese. celery and carrots with peanut butter.': 1, 'boiled eggs sliced lengthwise. use as a sandwich instead of bread with sliced cheese, lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes, etc. quick, easy and healthy!': 1, 'butter, jam, and toast good surprisingly good together. \n\ni love to pair my scrambled eggs with salsa, cottage cheese, or a vegetable. \n\ntomatoes and mozzarella!': 1, 'jam and chocolate spread': 1, 'currently making brownies with pb chips and swirls of jam.': 2, 'cheese and crackers. bonus points if you add pickles, nuts, fruit preserves or salami/cured meat. an easy, no-cook dinner or lunch you can put together in minutes! especially if you buy pre-sliced cheese and meats.': 1, "roasted salted peanuts and m &m's. yum.": 1, 'figs (or fig marmalade) and brie or peppered cantaloupe and prosciutto. a nice cut up watermelon with salt.': 1, 'bleu cheese + honey + saltines': 1, 'potato chips, on a sandwich.  my personal favorite is grippo’s brand bbq chips on a turkey sandwich.': 1, 'zucchini + mushroom': 1, 'tomato and cheese': 1, 'fried egg on leftovers. basically any leftovers.': 1, 'tuna salad with trader jo’s yellow curry sauce. just mix up tuna with corn, a little bit of mayonnaise and some yellow curry sauce. takes 2 minutes, no cooking, and is good for you.': 1, 'cucumbers and feta cheese. easily my favorite depression salad. drizzle with maple syrup to add a little sweetness.\nwatermelon, strawberry and blueberries in a simple syrup (same amount of water + sugar, than boil down by half) and sprite.': 1, 'carrots with hummus': 1, 'a favorite when i’m broke is rice and mix in  chopped burnt onions (carmelized) add shredded cheddar and halved cherry tomatoes if you have it.': 1, 'my go-to is always diced avocado with feta and greek dressing. so so good. i’m on maternity leave and it’s the easiest thing for me to prepare quickly that’s still healthy. a few of my other favorites:\n\n-raspberries and cheerios\n-triscuits and sliced cheese\n-diced cheddar/colby cheese and kunzler ring bologna\n-chips and salsa/chips and french onion dip\n-riced cauliflower (frozen) w/ butter, salt, and pepper\n-regular rice with butter and steak sauce (pregnancy craving that ended up being super delicious imo.)\n-strawberries with yogurt dip\n-berries if any kind with cottage cheese': 1, 'i really like the combination of tuna, green beans, and onion.': 1, 'may sound unconventional, but: sandwich made up of toasted bread, peanut butter, canned tuna, and sriracha. carbs, hella protein, etc… tastes amazing! add some kimchi if you’re feeling extra spicy!': 1, 'is this layered on the toast or mixed together? very intrigued...': 2, 'it can go both ways!': 1, 'pasta & ranch dressing (instead of tomato sauce).\n\npasta with salted butter, and a little black or white pepper.': 1, 'italian-style diced tomatoes with butter.  heated up a little, of course.': 1, 'homemade (dense) whole wheat bread & honey soaked in a little.': 1, 'toast with apple butter or jam. (do not do what the apple butter label suggests by making a sandwich with it and peanut butter. disgusting. they do noooot go together at all. such regret haha)\n\nbeans & cornbread also': 1, 'cheese and bread. \n\ncottage cheese and melon.': 1, 'goat cheese + honey = heaven': 1, 'tuna, baked beans and a baked potato. always sounds boring but always hits the spot': 1, 'cheese and cucumber': 1, '* crackers with goat cheese and balsamic vinegar\n* carrots in peanut butter (trust me)\n* fage 5% yogurt with banana, berries and honey (this yogurt is so much better than anything else on the planet)\n* sautee apple in butter with brown sugar and cinnamon + a pinch of nutmeg or clove or allspice; pour over vanilla ice cream\n* tortilla chips and hummus': 1, 'coffee and bananas': 1, 'preparation? just a cup of coffee with a banana?': 1, 'yes. literally just a cup of coffee and a banana': 2, '1/2 cup greek yogurt with 1 mashed banana, 1 tbsp peanut butter, and 1/2 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder, all mixed together': 1, '1 serving size of trail box with baby carrots. help you feel full with healthy nutrients.': 1, 'jam and cheese sandwich, cheddar, not plastic packaged slices': 1, 'cottage cheese and howards spicy relish.\n\nput that on cracker.': 1, "wheat bread and butter. throw a nut butter on if you're feelin real zazzy.": 1, 'avocados and whatever bread & shredded cheese and pasta': 1, 'cottage cheese on ritz crackers.  tuna/mayo on ritz.  cottage cheese topped with honey.': 1, 'avocado and balsamic\n\ncottage cheese and any fruit (or cottage cheese with pepper and grapes tomatoes)\n\nplain greek yogurt with blueberries and maple syrup': 1, 'grilled cheese topped with strawberry jam!': 1, 'apple and cheese is filling and so yum!!! my work provides both so i just have that as a pre workout snack if i’m a bit pecky': 1, 'a caprese is an italian hors’douvre (spelling) made of fresh mozzarella, fresh baby spinach, a tomato, and sometimes a balsamic vinaigrette. no cooking required. jason’s deli has this in a panini, though and the meatiness of the cheese is amazing!': 1, 'hatch roasted green chills and eggs. (+cheddar)\n\n  you are welcome': 1, 'oatmeal + banana + peanut butter \n\nkimchi + avocado + toast': 1, 'lettuce,  red onions, crumbled blue cheese and mandarin oranges.': 1, 'tomatoes drizzled with olive oil. sprinkle a bit of salt and pepper and you got yourself an amazing combo.': 1, 'i often eat a sandwich that has peanut butter and either pickled onions, my favorite hot sauce, or both.': 1, 'carrots and hummus :) \n\nclassic but a perfect snack, maybe a few olives on the side': 1, 'tomato’s on the vine w feta, tzatziki sauce or both. healthy and fulfilling.': 1, 'onion and mustard': 1, 'when the cupboards are bare-\ncheetos or doritos dipped in cream cheese or sour cream.': 1, 'cream cheese and cucumber , my favorite lazy snack is these two on bread or in a wrap .': 1, 'mine is feta cheese and cucumber. maybe also cherry tomatoes. if i am feeling fancy, drizzle olive oil and oregano.': 2, 'celery & peanut butter....mmmmmm...': 1, 'banana & pear!': 1, 'crumb your chicken - blend up chips voila': 1, 'i love tomato, feta and some lemon juice. pinch of salt.': 1, 'cottage cheese and grapes': 1, 'good bread, real butter and salt': 1, 'scrambled eggs with basil mixed in. top with a little swiss cheese if you want.': 1, 'mac and cheese with peas': 1, "some apple mush with nuts has been a snack i've been doing": 1, 'figs (or fig jam) and blue cheese. great on toasted bread or crackers!': 1, 'cherry tomatoes, basil and boccocini cheese or feta': 1, 'baked sweet potato and peanut butter': 1, 'i really love oatmeal, banana, butter peanut and guava': 1, 'i just sautéed spinach and put eggs. it was delicious with greek yogurt.': 1, 'polenta with almost any protein or veggie.': 1, 'honey drizzled vanilla yogurt on sliced banana. i just use hands to tear banana apart.': 1, 'cheese and honey': 1, 'white rice with cheddar cheese and a lil mustard. depression meal that 10000% slaps': 1, '**blue cheese gnocchi**\n\nblue cheese (100g / 3.5 oz - i use blue costello)\n\ncream (1/2 cup)\n\ngnocchi (2 serves)\n\ncook the gnocchi as per packet instructions. meanwhile melt half the cheese in a frypan.  add cooked gnocchi to pan and toss to coat, fry for 1 min. add remaining cheese and cream and stir frequently until cheese is melted and sauce has thickened. serves 2.\n\nextra points: add spring onion, spinach, broccoli , parsley or any other vegetable / herb.': 1, 'cups fritos and tuna salad.': 1, 'a hard cheese and honey': 1, 'hehe another one that i really enjoy, half an avocado with lemon plus a handful of sliced spinach, scrambled, on a slice of barely toasted bread\n:9': 1, 'fresh mozzarella and sliced tomatoes or grape tomatoes.': 1, 'drained can of tuna, drained can of water chestnuts, dollop of mayo or peanut butter,  and 1-6 tps of chili paste. dump in bowl, mix. i like it over lettuce.': 1, 'steamed brussel sprouts in a bag.  when done cut bag open sprinkle salt, pepper and throw in a knob of butter and shake the bag.': 1, 'scrambled eggs with either ricotta or cottage cheese \n\noatmeal with a poached egg\n\nfried eggs over easy on buttered rice\n\ncantaloupe or honeydew with cottage cheese': 1, 'cottage cheese and any fruit': 1, 'wheatabix and blueberries': 1, 'i enjoy cream cheese with a sprinkle of salt and peanuts to go with my white wine if i want an instant wine night.': 1, 'crackers, soft french cheese and fig jam. melon wrapped prosciutto.': 1, 'macaroni noodles and cheese': 1, 'nutella with graham crackers': 1, 'rice, scrambled eggs, amd soy sauce.': 1, 'granny smith apples with spicy mustard': 1, "maybe a little obscure, but have you ever tried the almond mini biscotti from trader joe's? put a little nutella on them and it tastes amazing.": 1, 'popcorn and parmesan cheese.': 1, 'tomatoes and basil': 1, 'put some honey on that apple with peanut butter!': 1, 'chicken flavour koka noodles , cooked chicken and soya sauce maybe some chilli flakes 😋': 1, 'grapes and cheese': 1, 'also .....boiled egg mashed in a mug with butter and salt': 1, 'cucumber, mozza, baby tomatos and garlic parm salad dressing': 1, "roasted (or heck, even microwaved) sweet potato with peanut butter. add a little honey on top of you're missing the sweetness. fills you up for hours.": 1, 'peach slices and cottage cheese!': 1, 'king oscar sardines on saltine crackers': 1, 'tuna and salsa': 1, "make pickled onions ahead of time.  they're a lot better than the name implies and they're really simple to make.  then you can add them to anything mexican.   you can also add them to a scoop of hummus, some lettuce, and a tortilla for a very healthy snack.\n\nedit to add:  nuts and raisins.  salsa and tortilla chips.  oatmeal and a good quality cinnamon.  a grilled cheese (which is just a pairing of cheese and bread fried in butter, when you think about it.)": 1, "toast with peanut butter and cottage cheese. don't knock til you try it.": 1, 'half an avocado with parmesan on top then drizzle hot sauce on it. microwave 15 seconds. bone apple tea.': 1, 'heat up amy’s chili on the stovetop and eat with scoops of tortilla chips, super easy depression meal i feel semi healthy about lol': 1, 'rice and over easy eggs.': 1, 'a french baguette sandwich with just a gouda cheese slice and bread & butter pickles': 1, 'potato chips and a1 sauce': 1, 'candycorns and salted peanuts': 1, 'bake some beets, stir in goat cheese': 1, 'greek yoghurt with bread. you can also mix greek yoghurt with minced garlic, salt, roasted red peppers&aubergine&zucchini (one of turkey’s traditional mezze’s) and eat it with a fork or bread': 1, 'granola and berries!!': 1, 'cottage cheese with fresh dill.': 1, 'take a bite of a banana, take a bite of loaf bread = banana bread': 1, 'cottage cheese pineapple': 1, 'peach slice, goat cheese, thyme': 1, 'spinach, cucumber, and ranch. throw in some baby tomatoes if you wanna get fancy.  super refreshing': 1, 'toast with cream cheese and some honey drizzled on top': 1, 'cheddar cheese and sriracha. on crackers, on apple slices, or on both. so good.': 1, 'bananas and kiwi': 1, "canned marinara sauce with fish sauce! it'll change your pasta game.": 1, 'do seasonings count? chicken with salt, pepper, and garlic. any vegetables with salt, pepper, and garlic.': 1, 'raisin bran and bananas, idk why but tastes amazing': 1, 'jalepenos + cream cheese (make sure it has garlic powder, onion powder, salt + pepper thrown in).\n\ntop with bacon crumbs if you’re feeling fancy. \n\nit’s been my go to meal the last 2 weeks. at $1.99/lb, and super cheap whipped cream cheese, it’s helped lower my grocery bill big time.': 1, 'sliced cucumber with tiny bit of olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and fresh pepper. super easy and good': 1, 'doritos and cream cheese': 1, 'here’s a weird one, but i love it. \n\nbanana and sliced white american cheese. it’s soooo good!\n\ndo not use yellow american, good white american cheese. i usually get land o lakes brand.': 1, 'prosciutto & melon for the super low effort option. \n\npotatoes & leeks for the sauté option. \n\nextra credit if you stretch a bit and make french potato leek soup. i think jacques pepin has a video someplace that walks you though how stupid simple it is and it’s damn good.': 1, 'spaghetti and butter.  bonus if you add garlic\n\ntoast, pasta sauce, and mozzarella \n\nmozzarella and olives pack in oil\n\nmayo and eggs on toast': 1, 'ketchup and mayo': 1, 'pita chips or baby carrots with hummus, pita chips with chocolate hummus': 1, 'bean stir fry; 1bag frozen veggies (or a can), a can of your beans of choice; pan fried with and egg and soy sauce (or whatever seasoning you like).': 1, 'aside from the already mentioned...\n\npistachios and dried figs as trail mix\n\ncottage cheese and peas\n\njulienne carrots and daikon mixed 50/50\n\nrunny yolk eggs with butter sauteed garlic scapes': 1, "celery and queso. not the healthiest but at least you get the fiber. i'm eating it right now.": 1, 'avocado sprinkled with tony chachere’s. just cut it in half and eat it with a spoon right out of the skin.': 1, 'i like to take tortilla chips and spread them out on a plate and top with shredded cheese , microwave for about 30 seconds to melt the cheese. can add sour cream, olives, etc.': 1, 'butter and cruciferous vegetables.': 1, 'rice n beans. cook the rice, use canned pinto or navy beans. complete protein with minimal effort. heck you could even buy the rice already cooked.': 1, 'banana chips and almonds is my go-to midday snack! keep em in a drawer at work': 1, 'tomatoes and feta': 1, 'eggs and literally any vegetable you might have on hand. except carrots - those are kind of weird.': 1, 'boccocini tomatoes and basil or pesto': 1, 'i really like white cheddar cubes, dried fruit, and assorted nuts. it all works really well together and is really cheap and filling.': 1, 'boiled spaghetti noodles + heated up can of chili beans + shredded cheese. i enjoy cooking but this is and always will be one of my favorite meals.': 1, 'cucumbers and cream cheese on some soft bread.': 1, 'ranch and tabasco sauce mixed together. dip it with popcorn': 1, 'rice and most any vegetable, but especially scallions': 1, 'dark chocolate pretzels with cookie butter, best eaten at midnight': 1, 'bagel w/ cream cheese and pickled jalapeños': 1, 'fried egg on toast': 1, 'salt sprinkled on apple slices': 1, 'tuc/ritz crackers and a slice of cucumber per cracker.': 1, 'avocado (i prefer freshly out of the fridge) with some ponzu or some soy sauce mixed with citrus juice. optionally but welcomed additions: sesame oil, sesame seeds, chili element (like sriracha)': 1, 'ricotta cheese on  flatbreads, open face, preferably toasted, the good kind of ricotta, not that low fat stuff, put some fresh cracked pepper or honey on top for some more flavor': 1, 'figs + goat cheese + prosciutto': 1, 'sweet baby bell peppers with ranch cream cheese': 1, '1) jello and cottage cheese\n2)garden salad loaded up with fresh veggies and a bit of cooked pasta\n3)vanilla wafers and peanut butter made into little sandwiches.': 1, 'rice and whatever you can get to throw on it. my favorite is a couple fried eggs with garlic salt.': 1, 'chia seeds in almond milk. soak overnight. add mango.': 1, 'apples and cheddar': 1, 'triscuits and hummus.  very addictive.\n\ncaramel rice cakes and peanut butter.\n\nchocolate rice cakes and whipped cream.\n\ngraham crackers and peanut butter.\n\ncream cheese and toast and jelly.': 1, 'my go-to get-home-from-work-late-and-can’t-even-stand-straight meals that put something in my tummy before bed are:\n\n- hefty granola bar (clif or something like that) with a knife-ful of peanut butter or costco mixed nut butter on top\n\n- veggie tortilla chips (the multicolored ones with flax seeds from target are my favorite) and salsa and/or guac. my local grocery store does their own guac and salsas so i can usually get that cheap\n\n- block cheese (cheddar, frontal, bleu), apples, and crackers / or sliced cheese (provolone, havarti) and cold cuts in a roll-up\n\n- potato baked in the microwave plus plain (not flavored) greek yogurt and everything bagel seasoning': 1, 'oatmeal and shredded cheese. (add salt and garlic powder, too)': 1, 'cream cheese and pepper jelly.  serve it with some nice crackers and it’s a guaranteed party hit.': 1, 'honey & scrambled eggs … coffee & cayenne pepper': 1, "polenta (i get the shelf-stable tube at trader joe's) plus spinach or mushrooms or tomatoes or cabbage. i made it tonight with spinach, brushetta and a left over sausage all diced up. heat and eat!": 1, 'canned tuna, zucchini and tomato sauce.  put it on the microwave for 3 minutes.': 1, "cottage cheese and baby carrots! \n\nif i want it to be more filling, i'll add chia seeds to the cottage cheese and have it with some crackers/bread, too.  i often add a salty spicy sauce, but i understand it's not for everyone...": 1, 'chopped up apples and mayonnaise. maybe throw in some marshmallows. just trust me on this one. it’s so good.': 1, "cottage cheese and cherry tomatoes. i also add salt and pepper. and za'atar. high protein. filling. easy. i love.": 1, 'dark chocolate, nuts, and dried fruit': 1, "peanut and butter sandwiches with milk. \n\ni know it's super basic but this always hits the spot for me.": 1, 'pasta noodles (eggs and flour), olive oil, parsley, garlic, lemon juice, salt & pepper': 1, 'goat cheese on bread, run under the broiler or toaster oven. can add honey or olive for sweet or savory': 1, "cream cheese with cocktail sauce. just trust me on this one. eat it on a cracker. rice cracker if you're fancy. saltine if you're not.": 1, 'peanut butter omelette.': 1, 'plain full fat yogurt, mashed garlic (use mortar and pestle), salt, mixed. great sauce for chicken or even steak. very old middle eastern recipe.': 1, 'goat cheese and eggs on toast.': 1, "i've been enjoying this since i saw it on reddit:\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/foodhacks/comments/o7x9hg/my_personal_favorite_snack_mexican_add_grilled/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share": 1, 'steam white rice. add some chopped red pepper, add some chopped green pepper, add a can of mini shrimp and add salt n pepper to taste and voila: a shrimp salad that is filling and delicious and the longest job is cooking the rice. easy peasy.': 1, 'butter in a pan and garlic on fish you\ncan buy frozen cuts of fish and put it in a pan, non stick is best imo but any pan will work. just make sure it’s not pink but a kind of slim not that thick cut of fish can cook in like 5 minutes on high heat': 1, 'pinto beans, boiled cabbage, sliced veggies (cucumber, tomato, onion)': 1, 'really doubt this will be popular but i’m a fan: peanut butter with extra sharp cheddar cheese.': 1, 'almonds and figs': 1, 'macaroni and cheese.': 1, 'peas and carrots for real. boiled with a sweet bechamel sauce.': 1, 'just bought a rice machine, here for easy-daily-rice ideas 👀': 1, 'jammin sammin sandwiches. a tart berry jam plus smoked salmon (not lox). incredible.': 1, "(i grab smoked salmon when it's in the clearance section of my grocers. as if it could go bad in a grocery shop...)": 1, 'cheese, mayo, bread. all that needs to be said': 1, 'spaghetti sauce on bread': 1, "my friend does greek yoghurt, sprinkled with chilli flakes, and then dips veggies like peppers as a snack. \n\nit's spicy, calming, and crunchy all at the same time - very interesting!": 1, 'sauteed bell pepper and onion! little oil or butter, salt, pepper, boom.': 1, "microwave a bowl of broccoli, cauliflower and carrot in salty water for 10 minutes. drain and eat... it's surprisingly delicious.": 1, 'banana on peanut butter toast- an all time fave\n\ncottage cheese and pears or peaches (i get the canned fruit and still is amazing)': 1, "when i am craving ice cream, i eat frozen grapes. they're like tiny slushies. tasty and guilt free": 1, 'strawberries with balsamic vinegar and basil, or even just strawberries and basil. avocado and goat cheese spread on toast, soft boiled egg or sunny side up egg if you’ve got it (little bit more money)\nlast one may not be the healthiest but it can be altered a bit, equal parts marshmallow fluff and cream cheese as a dip with fruit. bananas are my favorite with it because i am always struggling with my potassium levels, but strawberries and other berries taste amazing too.': 1, 'rice and onion, preferably shallots but honestly any cheap, sharp onion. improves taste, adds a little texture, and stretches food quite a bit. \n\nit is also a core component of most plov recipes, which is my current go-to college meal, as i just make an unholy amount on the weekend and it lasts me at least 3 days.': 1, 'fritos scoops with whipped cream cheese and medium salsa': 1, 'triscuits, gouda, and brown mustard, melted.': 1, 'greek yogurt and sugar free strawberry jam': 1, 'pizza made on a tortilla': 1, 'rice (leftover rice?) with sour cream, green tabasco sauce, and a bit of lime juice. delicious. (only do a couple drops of tabasco if you don’t like spice and do a little more sour cream. enough for taste but not enough to make your mouth die)': 1, 'heirloom tomato, brie and a fresh baguette': 1, "saurecraut and potatoes. also olive dip is the shit. just green olives and cream cheese and juice until the consistency is good. i like tuna with mustard. it's a good over-the-sink meal. there's a really tasty dill mustard that's walmart brand.": 1, 'shredded cheese and pepperoni slices': 1, 'chili and mac and cheese': 1, 'pb and mayo sandwich. don’t hate.': 1, 'mash one or two boiled eggs and mix in some hummus.': 1, 'chopped strawberries and whipped cream': 1, 'a couple of odd southern ones but so good…\n\n-canned pear mixed with mayo and shredded cheddar cheese (preferably shredded by hand for the most flavor or tillamook)\n\n-banana rolled in mayo and crushed, salted peanuts': 1, "alot of things go well with kimchi, but i love eggs and cold kimchi. doesn't matter what kind of eggs: boiled, poached, fried sunny side up or flipped or scrambled - it's all good.": 1, 'refried beans with eggs (add tortilla chips if you can afford it)\n\ncorn, edemame, and tomato  (add butter beans and summer squash)\n\navocado spread on wheat toast with salt and or crushed red pepper (add an egg)': 1, 'cottage cheese and berries (raspberries and blackberries for me). super easy and good.': 1, 'any tinned fruit and cottage cheese.': 1, 'corn on the cobb, butter, and tandoori, masala, or other indian spices\n\ncorn soup - creamed corn and milk heated\n\nhummus and sambal\n\nturkey lunch meat with cranberry sauce on bread': 1, 'instant oatmeal and strawberries': 1, 'everything nuts(nuts with everything seasoning found at target or walgreens) and cheese(fresh cubes or the fried snack variety). so good together. as a snack or with wine or beer.': 1, 'cream cheese and jelly … eat with carb of your choice bread/crackers etc !!': 1, 'i tried edamame + salsa tonight, it was delish! \n\nsuper quick too - 1 min in the microwave for the edamame, top with salsa, boom!': 1, '1 serving plain greek yogurt + 1 serving pudding + 1/2 serving granola. \n\nadd water to the yogurt/pudding mix to get desired consistency. top with granola. its between 200 and 300 calories, 18g of protein, 15 - 20g of carbs, and a whole lot of deliciousness. \n\nthe options and variety even keep me happy all week. you can of course add fruit, chocolate chips, whatever sounds good to you! some examples: \n\ncheesecake base with blueberry granola\nbanana cream base with honey and oat granola\nlemon base with honey and oat granola\n\nand for tomorrow:\n\nvanilla (or cheesecake, havent decided) base with some apple pie filling and cinnamon raisin granola': 1, 'carrots and peanut butter are delicious together': 1, 'tomatoes and mozzarella cheese - add some balsamic and you’ve got caprese!': 1, 'apple and crunchy pb sandwich. promise it slaps.': 1, 'white rice and spicy beans.': 1, 'scrambled eggs, and frozen corn.': 1, 'beans and rice': 1, 'quesadilla and red grapes. or just cheese and red grapes if you don’t want to cook.': 1, 'sweet crunchy gala apples and roquefort/blue cheese': 1, 'apples and cheese! i love pairing gala apples with a strong cheese like white cheddar': 1, 'sliced green pepper with cream cheese and everything but the bagel seasoning!': 1, '- pear slices topped with parmesan shavings and honey\n- cantaloupe wrapped in prosciutto \n- tomatoes and burrata (add flakey salt and olive oil for bonus points)\n- hummus and any crunchy veg': 1, 'peanut butter and bananas': 1, 'scrambled eggs on toast with soy sauce': 1, 'everything bagel, cream cheese, cucumber slices, and tajin': 1, 'can i just add this to all these great recommendations since i have not seen it mentioned yet.  it may sound odd but is actually delicious - tiny toast ( sliced baguette toasted with butter ) topped with peanut butter and mashed avocado on top.': 1, 'tinned mixed beans, chopped red onion, cider vinegar, olive oil, and whole grain mustard.': 1, 'pb&j dipped in milk': 1, 'tuna salad and rice.': 1, "one of my go to lunches when i'm feeling down is sauteed garlic, spinach and cherry tomatoes with eggs scrambled into it. or fried eggs on top of the saute if you want to add a couple minutes.": 1, 'parsley (not as garnish, a bigly amount), a good chunk of raw onion, feta on pita. this is a great hiking food.': 1, 'beer and any fried carb': 1, 'cracker, goat cheese, and raspberries. fruit, drizzled honey, and crushed nuts.': 1, 'toasted bread, buttered, dash of sugar.': 1, 'peppermint sticks and sharp cheddar cheese.  bite of stick, bite of cheese, chew together and enjoy.\n\nsounds nasty, but trust me on this.': 1, 'tomato & cheese': 1, 'gushers wrapped in a fruit roll up': 1, 'apple w. peanut butter': 1, 'mozzarella cheese and peanut butter. so good': 1, 'chilli and cashews. surprisingly great combo.': 1, 'hot dogs and mac cheese dude. and you can add whatever herbs or spices you want. 10 outta 10': 1, 'baby carrots and hummus': 1, 'cheese pizza and coke.': 1, 'apples dipped in red pepper hummus. suuuper tasty.': 1, 'vinegar and ice cream!': 1, 'overnight oats: rolled oats, frozen fruit, and milk. leave in a jar for few hours and you’re good. quick cheap and filling. can always add peanut butter or protein powder for some extra sweatness': 1, '500g lowfat quark + 1 can of tuna (for anyone that needs to hit a certain amount of protein.  \nthats nearly 100g of protein and can be used as a dip for baguette etc. or just for eating it like that.': 1, 'chicken quesadilla with sour cream + avocado and hot sauce (chipotle flavored is my favorite)': 1, 'spam, rice, eggs and oyster sauce': 1, 'banana peppers\ntriscuit \ncream cheese': 1, 'waffle house waffle, covered, a little syrup. waitresses think i’m high, but i’m just a genius.': 1, 'an old one that i have not tasted in a while (like... decades), but salad with poppy seed dressing with diced apples. the apples and dressing really mesh very well.': 1, 'watermelon, serrano, and feta.': 1, 'pb on toast with a thick slice of extra sharp cheddar. i was deeply opposed to this when my girlfriend first showed it to me until she forced me to try it. so good!': 1, 'rice and beans muthafucka!!!': 1, 'peanut butter on bananas, nilla wafers, or graham crackers. all 3 delicious.': 1, 'mango + lime juice \n\nwheat thin + cream cheese + pepperoni': 1, 'string cheese and baby carrots. really wasn’t expecting it to work out well but the sharp, crispness of the carrot cuts through the fattiness of the cheese quite nicely.': 1, "mac and cheese!  c'est magnifique!": 1, 'shredded cabbage and sesame oil (with sea salt)': 1, 'it sounds odd, but carrots and hot sauce. it’s crunchy, heathy, and tasted as good as ur hot sauce does!': 1, 'peanut butter, honey, granola, and banana sandwich.': 1, 'grapefruit with dark cherries and avocado': 1, 'kimchi and white rice!': 1, 'sausage and maple syrup.': 1, 'strawberries and ham. my favorite combination of foods.': 1, 'hummus and carrots': 1, 'apples with cheese\npotato chips and cottage cheese': 1, 'fennel (raw) and a nice big orange. bit of olive oil and salt, and you’ve got a salad': 1, 'quesadilla w seaweed on top!': 1, 'toasted sourdough, a little butter, goat cheese, and honey.': 1, 'peanut butter cheese and tomato on toast with salt and pepper. so fuckin good': 1, 'graham crackers and pudding, also saves you a spoon': 1, 'as an asian basically you can eat rice with anything. just rice and sauce and your stomach is fine. you can level up the dish with an egg ( cooked or uncooked).': 1, 'plain microwavable oatmeal with the grape flavor packet for a quart of water.': 1, 'any veggie + olive oil (and salt and pepper) on a baking sheet. oven to 400 degrees. roast for 20-25 mins. delicious.': 1, 'beetroot, feta, and walnuts.\n\nyou can buy precooked beetroot where i live, makes it super quick and easy.': 1, '-banana with potato chips\n-takis chips with sausage and beans\n-sardines with tomatoes and other chopped veggies… maybe also with takis': 1, 'oats, water and frozen or dried fruit': 1, 'bread and cheese': 1, "one of my recent favorites is a can of beans and a can of corn. dump them in a pan, add some fajita seasoning and you have a kick ass tasty mix. i scramble some eggs and throw these in. just eat it on a tortilla. eat it with some rice. it's delicious every time.": 1, 'watermelon with lime juice, best combo out there.': 1, 'carrots and peanut butter\ncottage cheese and salsa as a dip for chips\nbread and butter\ncrackers and cheese or peanut butter\ngraham crackers and apple sauce': 1, 'my favourite is sliced nectarine with feta cheese.': 1, 'mushroom and thyme': 1, 'cabbage and japanese mayonnaise. goes well with whatever left over protein you have.': 1, 'largely chunked cauliflower and potatoes with lots of dried turmeric seasoning, pan fried in a deep pan with a lid and a small amount of oil for while. \n(+salt n pepper)': 1, 'watermelon, mint, feta cheese, balsamic glaze.': 1, 'tomato, peach, onion, and feta salad. dressing is usually honey, vinegar (balsamic or wine vinegar), and olive oil. really simple salad for summer. recipes are all over the internet.': 1, 'have some hardboiled eggs on the side as you eat ramen. cut the eggs up into quarters and salt and pepper them, delicious and filling and nutritious. add lemon juice and cilantro to the ramen.': 1, 'ham, brie and green apples.': 1, "look up: korean banchan. they have a lot of sides that are often quick to make with minimal ingredients. and once you have some of the ingredients like korean pepper flakes, sesame oil, sesame seeds, and garlic... you've got like 75% to make other things too.": 1, 'honey crisp apples (any apple really, but honey crips is my favourite) and aged cheddar. the sharpness of the cheddar goes very well with the sweet apple.': 1, 'boiled eggs and cottage cheese. just mesh them together. used to eat that after gym for the protein': 1, 'i love watermelon with cilantro. a great summer snack': 1, 'deli meat like chicken or turkey.  spread with a thin layer of cream cheese, cut a pickle in half and wrap it up.  great snack!  all the sodium!': 1, 'rice, egg, soy sauce\n\npeanut butter, banana, bread\n\ngrape nuts cereal, milk, microwave 45s': 1, 'cucumber and ketchup': 1, 'beans, rice, avocado, taco bell hot sauce': 1, 'watermelon with lime juice squeezed on top!': 1, 'i like a little clove on my diced strawberries sometimes.\n\nsqueeze lime on butter-sautéing mushrooms for a nice surprise.\n\nsmoked gouda and apples\n\nbacon and dates\n\nolives and dates chopped up together (i like shoving it under chicken thigh skin before i bake)\n\npassionfruit and chocolate\n\nsugar snap peas with a touch of minced garlic and lemon.\n\nraw green beans and minced mint leaves, little oil and salt\n\nwatermelon, basil, feta, balsamic\n\nbrie and pear\n\nbrie and canned smoked oysters on crackers + a cheap bottle of red wine. yum.\n\ncheese and honey\n\nbeets and goat cheese\n\nwalnuts, goat cheese, dates on a salad\n\noff the top of my head': 1, 'prosciutto and melon. just do ham if you want to cheap it up. still an amazing combo!': 1, 'raw carrot dipped in sugar. \n\neveryone made fun of me until they tried': 1, 'banana wrapped with american cheese slice.': 1, 'extra mile 🤣': 1, 'if you get tired of peanut butter, i love toast with tahini and apple slices, drizzled with honey and sprinkled with cinnamon.': 1, 'onion, garlic and mushrooms. they are some of the most savory foods on the planet and you can mix them with all kinds of dishes.': 1, 'peanut butter and cheese': 1, 'obvious but avocado and bacon. mainly i would use them with toast and tomato and have a bacon sandwich, but both would pair well as a topping for a salad or just a bowl of rice with avocado and bacon on top.': 1, 'grilled cheese and tomato soup. my grandpa makes it for my sister and i every now and then. absolutely delicious.': 1, 'ham and cheese quesadilla, on corn or flour tortillas': 1, 'cheese and fruit ftw. like blue cheese and peaches or pecorino (any sharp cheese really) and grapes or banana and camembert (or any other creamy cheese)': 1, 'cottage cheese, fruit, and overnight oats.': 1, 'pasta, butter\nbroccoli sauteed with garlic, and butter\napple with cinnamon and nutmeg (good warm or cold)\nstrawberries with a little vanilla and sugar\ncheese and crackers\nchips and salsa\nblack beans, corn, cilantro, olive oil, lime/lemon juice': 1, 'smoked oyster on saltines, vienna sausage and mustard, peanut butter on celery, buttered toast and chocolate milk, scrambled eggs and salsa,': 1, 'if you have a blender, smoothies! they\'re especially easy if your model has the blades inside the cup, with a lid for on-the-go. i used to keep a personal blender from walmart ($20-30 with the cup and lid combo) in my locker at work. to clean, fill with hot water and a few drops of dish soap and put on blast again, then rinse in hot water. \n\nmy favorites include combinations of :\n\n1) a yoplait or cup of yogurt of your choice\n2) a cup or 2 of juice of your choice, i like cranberry, apple, or orange juice\n3) a banana\n4) more fruit to taste, i like pairing strawberry-banana yogurt with more strawberries or raspberries, but have also used orange slices or whole mandarins/tangerines/clementine oranges or 1-2 slices grapefruit, and occasionally i\'ll peel and slice a whole apple and toss that in there. \n\nyou can add fiber, protein, and texture by adding toppings before or after blending, like flax or chia seeds, or for creamier texture, a cup of milk or milk replacement. i liked to eat different kinds of cheerio "trail mix" with the smoothie. experiment with juice and fruit pairings or even veggies, like carrot juice.\n\nfor an extra cold smoothie with slushie texture, add a cup of crushed ice. if smoothie is too thick, pour off up to half to save in the fridge for later and dilute with water, then blend again. \n\nsome people also add kale or spinach (i hate kale but spinach is okay in small amounts if you add extra fruit to cover it up, although it turns all smoothies a sickly green-brown color.)\n\nsmoothies are a quick and efficient way to get a simple meal of ready-to-slurp calories and i adore them. should take about 5 minutes start to finish to toss ingredients into the cup, blend, and enjoy, and less than 2 minutes to blend the soap and hot water to clean the blender. just make sure you blend long enough to dislodge anything under the blades and rinse well with hot water. \n\notherwise i always reach for adult lunchables or charcuterie plates. your choice of a spread combo of deli meats, cheeses, raw fruits and veggies, and crackers or nuts, plus a dipping sauce if you like. i save packets of ranch and barbecue sauce for this purpose, but like you said lots of items go awesome with peanut butter, like apple slices or celery and raisins. i just keep ziplocks of my choice of foods in a lunch tote in the breakroom fridge and pick out of it during the work week (if i don\'t pack leftovers.)\n\nkeep a loaf of bread in your locker and you can also assemble sandwiches with the meats and cheeses. it wasn\'t uncommon for me to have a small jar of pickle spears or relish, or a small ziplock of spinach or lettuce in the lunch tote, or cans of black olives in my locker, as tasty additions! (yes this means i kept a can opener and a blender alongside a loaf of bread in my locker at work, but i had good, filling lunches and snacks all the time with very little prep or planning involved which worked super well for me! no leaving the office to beat traffic to grab fast food or expensive doordashing.)\n\nif you like raw produce, hummus or salsa are also good dipping alternatives, and can be eaten with crackers or tortilla chips too. hummus comes in a bunch of flavors now too, so you can have a variety to alternate with.': 1, 'this isn\'t a specific pairing, but quick pickled sliced red onions go well with almost anything. try it out as a side dish to different meats or when something feels too oily (it\'ll cut right through that oil).\n\nto make them: add equal parts water and vinegar to a small sauce pan and heat until boiled (eg. 1 cup each) and then add a bit of salt, about a teaspoon or less. slice one whole red onion in half along the lines then slice each half thinly also along the lines. you should get french fry looking slices. add the red onions to a jar and then pour the boiling "pickle" juice over the onions until fully submerged. you can mix in chipped jalapenos or habanero peppers for spiciness. you can eat them in about 15 minutes or keep them in the fridge for 2 weeks or so.\n\nsome good pairings are with peanut butter sandwiches (trust me), eggs, cheese, and fatty meats.': 1, 'chocolate chip cookies and ketchup.\nactual bomb': 1, "oooh also, surprisingly nice is steamed sweet potato mashed up with banana. a good easy breakfast or healthy desert combo you can premake. if it's not sweet enough add chocolate chips ;)": 1, 'https://www.mindofachef.com/blog/2015/09/23/do-you-have-2-and-know-how-to-open-a-can-you-can-master-this-sardine-dish': 1, 'eggs, peppers, spices, tortilla/ bread, cheese\nadd some diced lunch meat if you have it \n(breakfast/lunch)\nnoodles and sauce, bread with spices\n(“spaghetti” and garlic bread)': 1, 'cream cheese and jelly.': 1, 'pizza and mountain dew': 1, 'ramen and egg/frozen veg/spices': 1, 'celery dipped in peanut butter with raisins to sprinkle.': 1, 'peanutbutter and jelly... in oatmeal! tastes just like a pbj sandwich but with lots healthy oats!': 1, 'smoked sausage and zatarans red beans and rice mix': 1, "feta+watermelon (+mint) with little olive oil\n\ncamembert+pear (preferably on toast, heated in the oven, so the cheese gets little melty and the pear softer)\n\nchocolate mouse or brownie with little sea salt or chili\n\na lot of hearty meats work really well with sweet fruity jam to dip it in, think chutney. it's also nice to appear fancy, if you call it chutney in that case, although it isn't actually chutney. works also with strong cheese and fruity spreads\n\nhoney, garlic and mustard, as a sauce or to add in salad dressing is an instant upgrade from just vinegar and oil": 1, 'chèvre cheese with dried fig drizzled with balsamic vinegar': 1, 'meat ,cheese , and crackers': 1, 'pb and celery, cream cheese and celery/sweet peppers, sliced tomato and fresh mozz cheese (heated with a sprinkle of italian herbs is better), almonds and cheese (from a block), baby carrots/peppers/etc and hummus, cottage cheese and fruit, bagel chips with mayo on top+shredded cheese and toasted/baked, pickles with cream cheese, mushroom tops with parmesan cheese and toasted, sliced zucchini with pizza sauce and moz cheese (toasted is best), apples and caramel, raisins and chocolate (or choc yogurt covered raisins), scrambled egg with cheese, soft boiled egg with sliced buttered toast for dipping, tuna (add mayo) on saltine crackers, cheese on ritz crackers and microwaved for like 30 seconds, fresh kiwi and strawberries (you can cut the kiwi in half and use a spoon to scoop, then just bite a bit of strawberry), pb on graham crackers, pb on banana (eat a banana as usual, but add pb for each bite), super fresh italian bread sliced with butter, fresh veggies (like broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, celery, etc) with a favorite dip from the store (or you can make your own.... i think sour cream, mayo and spices....or like greek yogurt ...idk!)': 1, 'pears & blue cheese': 1, 'medjool dates and strawberries': 1, 'pork chops and apple sauce': 1, 'shite bread, cheap american cheese, mayo, and jam (i used strawberry). idk why it was so good but even while sharing with friends, they want more.': 1, 'pork chops (or any meat) and baked beans\n\nabsolutely fab :v': 1, 'watermelon feta cheese and mint salad. just drizzle with olive oil and lime juice + adding heat like a jalapeno if wanted.': 1, 'olive oil + a dash of balsamic vinegar + grated parmesan cheese. eat with bread': 1, 'apple and tuna\n\nand from the comments here apples seem to go well with anything': 1, 'champagne and buttered popcorn. \n\njameson and blood orange soda.': 1, 'avocado and fat free cottage cheese': 1, 'rice and roasted seaweed': 1, 'avocado and soy sauce.\n\nsushi on a budget!': 1, 'apple slices + tajin sprinkled on top': 1, 'poha': 1, 'potato, onion, tomato (maybe cucumber) sandwich': 1, "black beans and diced artichoke hearts. mash up and warm up in frying pan. serve on toast or crackers. it's consistently been a hit at potlucks.": 1, 'ramen + eggs. boil water and seasonings, crack 1-4 eggs up in that thang, place the noods on top and give’em a spin (keeps the egg from sticking) then take it off the heat after a few min. you can adjust to your preferred level of egg solidity! i like to toss mushrooms or other available healthy junk in there while it’s boiling too': 1, 'rotisserie chicken with spinach (or a leafy green, out of the bag) with some dressing and avocado': 1, 'fried potato and onion\n\nyogurt and jelly/jam/preserves': 1, 'oatmeal with sliced banana and a spoonful of pb, keeps ya full for hours': 1, 'unconventional but try canned tuna on pickle chips, and a dash of hot sauce!': 1, 'unconventional, but try canned tuna on pickle chips, and a dash of hot sauce!': 1, 'beer... and pretty much anything.': 1, 'beer, and pretty much anything.': 1, 'roster peanuts and plain yogurt.': 1, 'cream cheese and jelly on a bagel.': 1, 'banana + cashew butter. greek yogurt + granola + blueberries. toast + cream cheese + smoked salmon. tortilla chips + canned tuna tossed with olive oil/ mustard/soy sauce. crackers and cheese.': 1, 'apples with cheese': 1, 'toast some bread, spread with butter, sprinkle with curry powder, top with cheese, put under griller/broiler until cheese is melted.': 1, 'saute some veggies , add your favourite spices, spread it around the pan, add beaten eggs to them and leave it on low heat till eggs get cooked, add cheese and pizza sauce and you got yourself a nice  egg pizza hybrid.': 1, 'avocado halves with an egg cracked into the pit hole. pop it in the toaster oven until the egg is cooked.': 1, 'maple pepitas. \n\n1/2 cup pepitas to 2 tablespoons maple syrup in the oven at 150 degrees celsius for 20 minutes and you have a delicious snack. it mixes perfectly with butter popcorn for a sweet salty treat too!': 1, 'maple pepitas. \n\n1/2 cup pepitas to 2 tablespoons maple syrup in the oven at 150 degrees celsius for 20 minutes and you have a delicious snack. it mixes perfectly with butter popcorn for a sweet salty treat too': 1, 'vanilla ice cream and olive oil': 1, 'chips on a sandwich': 1, 'avocado and mayonnaise': 1, 'popcorn and dots candy. learnt this from a long ago ex and is still amazing.': 1, 'avocado and mayonnaise.': 1, 'cucumbers, mozzarella, tomatoes': 1, 'nutella and pepperoni sandwich is just perfect to me': 1, 'papaya and lemon': 1, 'beans and rice! add whatever flavors you like.': 1, 'sweet potato(cooked in any way) and kimchee.\n\ni know, but trust me. koreans have been doing this for ages.': 1, 'can of beans and instant rice.': 1, 'banana and honey': 1, "this might be stretching the 'healthy' side but zatarain's dirty rice, beans & rice, or jambalaya with the added protein are pretty delicious. add a dollop of sour cream, some of your favorite hot sauce, and chow down.\n\nif you want to add more veggies, you can toss in some from a frozen mix before the long simmer. just know the added/extra water from the veggies cooking will impact how the rice turns out, so use less water. you can also roast the frozen veggies with some oil, give em a decent char, and add them in at the end. slightly more effort, but i like roasted bell peppers and onions to balance out the salty zatarain's and it stretches the meal.": 1, 'banana pancakes. \n\nbanana + egg + fry it for 5 minutes (with a flip in between) = banana pancake.': 1, 'classic white bread and butter with cinnamon and sugar placed under broiler until toasted': 1, 'eggs and salt\npotatoes with butter (fresh rosemary is insane)\nbread fresh out of the oven with butter\n\n\ni know what you mean by food pairings but these foods are extremely delicious and need only 2 ingredients to be that good.': 1, 'eggs and salt\npotatoes with butter (fresh rosemary is insane)\nbread fresh out of the oven with butter\n\ni know what you mean by food pairings but these foods are extremely delicious and need only 2 ingredients to be that good.': 1, 'meatballs with rice topped with a1 sauce': 1, 'plain greek yogurt, and brown sugar, you have to add the slowly on essentially a per bit basis otherwise it loses its crunch and you just get sweet yoghurt.': 1, 'boiled water and coffee powder, interesting taste and feeling': 1, 'plain greek yogurt, and coarse brown sugar, you have to add the slowly on essentially a per bit basis otherwise it loses its crunch and you just get sweet yoghurt.': 1, 'cereal and milk': 1, "blend ansjovis, black olives, some cloves of garlic with a bit of olive oil. bro it's the best dip.": 1, 'sauteed sausage and cabbage': 1, 'pasta sauce consisting of white wine, garlic, butter and parmesan. will taste restaurant quality, plus you can drink the left over wine.': 1, 'chia pudding. i do 2 tbsp chia seeds, half a cup of lactose free milk, 2 splenda packets, a dash of vanilla and soak overnight. whisk to unclump right before eating and top with sliced fruit and berries and a quarter cup of your fav granola for crunch!': 1, 'cucumber and honey': 1, 'pineapple, lime juice and mint leaves': 1, 'pineapple, lime juice and mint leaves.': 1, 'scrambled eggs, spinach, feta': 1, 'boil chicken, use the water to make rice, chop a cucumber. best chicken bowl ever.': 1, 'pasta, pesto, butter, parmesan cheese.': 1, 'peaches with heavy cream drizzle\n\nscrambled eggs with spinach and feta. add some cherry tomatoes if you want': 1, 'peanut butter and mayonnaise sandwiche,i dont care what you think its amazing.': 1, 'cabbage and mashed potatoes. colcannon!': 1, 'cottage cheese, honey, cinnamon': 1, 'berries and ricotta on toast. add some chia seeds and honey if you feel like it': 1, "dill pickle and peanut butter. it's surprisingly incredible": 1, 'toast + cinnamon sugar': 1, 'chili lime works every time': 1, 'greek yogurt and honey. greek yogurt and peanut butter. greek yogurt and peanut butter and honey. basically greek yogurt with anything and everything': 1, 'foie gras and strawberries': 1, 'cheezit and nutella, trust me on this..': 1, 'seriously, send me a whisper. i want to share mine but i also want to open a restaurant or create a menu as a chef. the easiest one of all time i don’t want to post for everyone.\nsorry realized what subreddit i was on and baybel cheese aren’t cheap. but the pairing is straight gas.': 1, 'five spice (only a little), ginger, cilantro and soy sauce.': 1, 'tuna and oxtail soup, unreal combo': 1, 'tuna and rice with soy sauce. to make it even easier buy microwave rice (more expensive and not as good as cooking it yourself though).': 1, 'can someone tell me whether fish fingers go well with custard??': 1, 'tuna mayo': 1, 'ready to eat scotch pancakes, a box of fresh summer fruits and cream. delicious filling and costs like £2': 1, 'milk and cookies!': 1, 'popcorn and milk chocolate.\n\n\ngarlic bread and pepsi.\n\n\nstrawberries with milk and sugar': 1, "macaroni and egg. scramble some eggs in plenty of butter, mix together with macaroni, done. i've eaten it since i was a child and still love it!": 1, 'cottage cheese with some type of fruit. tomato’s or strawberry is my fav. \n\ncream cheese on celery is so bomb. \n\nand steamed squash/zucchini with a little cheese !': 1, 'check out sushi rolls. usually 4 ingredients all paired to taste exquisite. the most basic being cream cheese cucumber avocado and a lean protein. just read a menu a buy what looks good to you.': 1, 'peanut butter,jam and breads': 1, 'banana and nutella': 1, 'toast, sardines, onions,': 1, 'organic chipotle mayo on almost anything.': 1, 'organic chipotle mayo on anything toasted with any meat of your choosing.': 1, 'apples and cheese.': 1, 'kraft mac n cheese mixed with a can of hormel no bean chili.': 1, 'seared halloumi, grapes and mint!': 1, 'basil and lemonade. trust me.': 1, 'i love this combo. i add strawberries too. so good': 1, "blueberry bagels and honey cream cheese (just take some honey and put it in your cream cheese and you're good)": 1, 'cream cheese & pears\n\ncheddar & apples': 1, "steak and charred green bell peppers. \nit's my barbecue solid, because i can throw it on while the heat is still to high for sausagrs, so i don't have to squeeze my stuff in.\nwhen the peppers are softened you rub of the black and eat them on the side.": 1, 'strawberries and bananas and nutella': 1, 'banana and ketchup lol': 1, 'lunch meat with cheese and nuts. it’s like an adult lunchable or a bread less sandwich!': 1, 'frozen mangos you use for smoothies and honey': 1, 'cheese, mayo, chives and crushed garlic mixed together, piled on top of sliced beetroot. life changing!': 1, 'sweet potato and broccoli': 1, 'tuna mayo sandwiches and tomato soup': 1, "peanut butter and marmite, i thought i was the only one who ate it, then sunpat actually bring a jar out the stuff! i was like wtf?!\n\nanother one is butter, peanut butter(crunchy) and cheese on toast (you don't have to grill the cheese)": 1, 'avocado tuna and rice is my fav you get protein carb and fat all in one': 1, 'çoban salatası\xa0or\xa0choban salad\xa0(turkish\xa0for "shepherd\'s salad") is my current favorite, its so fresh and pairs so well with everything. prep is very easy; cut up onion fine, cube tomato and cucumber, lemon juice and any fresh herb. i usually go with one whole onion, 2 tomato, 1 cucumber, juice of 1 lemon i also take a bit of the zest, parsley/basil or dill. love that stuff. its done in like 10 minutes and refrigerates very well.': 1, 'rice, beans, meat. i personally like to add spicy seasonings and it typically works with any variation of the fore mentioned aside from bbq beans which have a pretty specific pallet.': 1, "pickled beetroot, mint and lime - add to any salad. you won't need any salad dressing.": 1, '1 whole egg, 3/4 cup egg white, scramble, put on toast. cheap, easy, healthy.': 1, 'cracker, cheese spread, cherry tomato with a bit of pesto.\n\nthis is so simple yet tastes so incredibly good together': 1, 'peanut butter, banana and mayo sandwich. just try it.': 1, 'crackers, brie, and chili jelly': 1, "i'll mix applesauce and peanut butter,\nor applesauce and yogurt\nor yogurt and peanut butter\nor all 3 together": 1, 'celery with peanut butter. avocado and fetta. cottage cheese with chopped fresh peaches.': 1, 'have you tried pickles and milk': 1, 'dates and cheese! i like blue cheese with dates, but camembert and other soft cheeses go well with dates 😊': 1, "mayonnaise and lime. it's an excellent spread for sandwiches, tacos, burritos, or as an aeoli with rice (i like to add some chipotle powder for that)\n\ni know, i know, we all assume that mayo is hyper unhealthy-- but it's really not terrible in moderation. it's a very versatile fat, and it's great for a variety of things. my personal favorite is using it as a fat when you toast bread for something like a grilled cheese, or for pan-fried meats and veggies. the egg in it cooks up nicely and gives you an excellent, crunchy crust.": 1, 'garlic mashed potato with canned corn\n\nwhole corn slathered w/ butter and salt \n\ncanned corn with shredded cheese (microwave or bake til cheese melts)\n\nsalami and cream cheese\n\nsmoked salmon, sliced red onion, cream cheese on toasted bagel\n\ncheese and honey or apricot jam\n\nspicy ramen with cheddar cheese, spam, and egg\n\ndrained egg noodle tossed with sesame oil and oyster sauce (fried egg optional)\n\nsliced cucumber mixed with rice vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil and chopped onion and garlic ( sriracha or hot sauce optional)\n\nsautéed mushroom in butter and oyster sauce\n\noatmeal with banana': 1, 'raw mango with chilli powder.': 1, 'gingerbread cookie + blue cheese\ntoast with avocado and egg sunny side up\nfull grain dijon with good ham in a melt sandwich\ngreek yogurt with honey\nscrambled eggs with diced & fried tomatoes. do them separately (2&3 minutes) and season with salt & pepper.\ngarlic in everything!': 1, 'not super healthy but yummy. buttered microwave popcorn. cook the popcorn like normal in microwave then empty into a large bowl that has a lid. then put two heaped table spoons of powdered peanut butter. put the lid on and give it a shake to spread it around all the popcorn. then i like to melt another large knob of butter and drizzle it all over the popcorn. put the lid back on and give it another good shake. nom nom nom.': 1, 'porridge with treacle and fresh cream\nalso force cereal with the same.  \nsavoury breakfasts from before the war.': 1, 'pork sausage hotdogs. i fry some pork sausages. when they are nearly ready i throw in a diced onion, diced apple or pear. and a pile of mustard seeds. fry untill all cooked and the apples and onion become a sort of jam in the sausage juices. then put some of the onion apple sauce in a roll with a sausage on top. add ketchup if you want but better with out.': 1, 'brie and jam, blue cheese with chutney or very sweet fresh fruit, peaches and prosciutto, beans and rice, white fish and cooked bell peppers, millet cooked in 1:1 milk and water with maple syrup to taste, buckwheat with milk or butter and sugar, lentils and curry, apples and carrots (shred, it turns into a really nice fresh slaw when tossed in lemon juice), cabbage and carrots (mix with salt, pepper, dark brown sugar to taste and toss in apple cider vinegar before letting it marinate for 3 hours for a nice slaw), peas and corn (heat in hot water, drain, toss in butter, salt, pepper to taste)': 1, "instant ramen noodles delux. any microwave or fast cooking packet noodles. i use maggie's 2minute noodles usually. cook them like you would normally but add a packet of instant mushroom soup to the water aswell. once cooked don't drain it. you want to keep the mushroom soup sauce with the noodles. if you have a cooked pork sausage in the fridge, chop it up, and add to the noodles. add a teaspoon of butter and a teaspoon of bovril. mix it all up and njoy.": 1, 'noodles and sliced cucumber\n\ncheese and strawberry jam\n\nplain noodles with syrup\n\nyogurt and mint sauce = yogurt mint sauce': 1, 'olives and cheese': 1, 'green apple and cheddar cheese! so delicious': 1, 'curried egg sarnie. boil 2 or 3 eggs. peal em and mash them up in a bowl. add about a table spoon of may or salad cream. i prefer tangy salad cream. add a teaspoon of curry powder, add some salt and pepper. and a good splash of smokey tobaso sauce. mix it all up and spread it on toast.': 1, 'avocado and rye toast.': 1, "strawberries and balsamic. i always add that combo to some salad leaves, makes a delicious salad. you could also add some chicken to that if you want a better meal\n\ncheese and banana on toast. it's important you mash up a banana with a fork with a pinch of salt then spread it on some toast. put cheese on top and melt that in a grill or microwave\n\ncheese and pickle on a sandwich. also peanut butter and pickle on a sandwich. i mean pickle, like branston's, not gherkins\n\ntortilla, grated cheese, slices of ham, tomato sauce (ketchup) rolled up. it's like those little lunchables so it's nostalgic for me": 1, 'greek yogurt and jam!': 1, "french toast, beat eggs, an egg for every slice of toast you want to make, add a splash of milk, sprinkle of black pepper and salt, and finally a nice amount of cinnamon. mix it well. get a wide flat pan medium hit with. don't be shy with the cooking oil. dip a slice of bread in the egg mix so that it is covered and has soaked up a little of the mix. then gently fry the slice of bread. on both sides. you don't want it to hot or it will burn the outside , you want it cooked through. takes about 3 to 5 minutes to cook a slice. my pan i can fit 2 slices at once. anyways once cooked i like to spread raspberry jam or honey on top. and the blob greek yoghurt on top of that.": 1, 'rice and beans! so good with a little seasoning': 1, 'swiss chinese sweet pickle and crack6': 1, 'ice cream and fries': 1, 'cheese and pickles.': 1, "any nice cheese, (cheddar, manchego, comte, edam, scamorza, emmental) with some honey drizzled on and some ground coffee sprinkled on top.\n\nsaw jamie oliver do it and it's mind blowingly good.": 1, 'cherry tomatoes, extra virgin olive oil, oregano': 1, "roasted beets & feta cheese. salt, pepper and a drizzle of olive oil. i'm always surprised at how good it is. like the first bite of watermelon of the summer.": 1, 'toast, topped with avocado and a tin of lemon pepper tuna': 1, 'brie and strawberry': 1, 'milk and honey': 1, 'cottage cheese and bbq potato chips.': 1, 'cheese and grapes': 1, 'a soft, creamy blue cheese and pear.': 1, 'toast, mayo, tomatoes/or cucumbers. salt and perpper': 1, 'onion and garlic complement each other really well': 1, 'cucumber. smoked salmon. goat cheese. capers. everything bagel seasoning. the only prep is cutting the cucumber. then you just put some of the fish on that, spread the cheese, stop with a couple capers and sprinkle the seasoning.\n\nit’s my go to healthy lazy dinner.': 1, 'eggs, beans (in tomato sauce), toast with butter': 1, 'tinned sardines on toast (get the sardines in tomato sauce for extra boujee points)': 1, 'walnuts and honey': 1, 'just here to read all the delicious combos and cry into my sub-par dairy-free options that will never quite be real cheese': 1, 'make two slices of toast, put a thin layer of peanut butter on both slices, sprinkle semi-sweet chocolate chips on one slice, press together into a sandwich. definitely not some to eat every day, but as an occasional lunch it’s fantastic.': 1, "cheddar cheese, green apple, and honey (better if it's honeycomb but just honey works well)": 1, 'if you can cook either of them, rice and beans make a good base for anykind of shitbowl you can think of': 1, 'a bacon and egg sandwich with a little bit of jelly': 1, 'eggs with almost anything': 1, 'kefalotyri cheese and hot, plain (buttered) pasta.': 1, 'peas and mint': 1, 'tinned tuna, mayo, sweetcorn': 1, "lentils + rice. you don't need to sautee anything but unless you also enjoy eating shoe soles for their taste, you will probably have to dice a couple veggies.": 1, "get a block of white or yellow cheddar cheese and a bunch of red or green grapes. one grape per slice of cheese and you're fine dining in no time": 1, 'green beans and croutons': 1, 'pan-fried honey bun and vanilla icecream': 1, 'macaroni and cheese': 1, 'tuna and rice cake minis': 1, 'grilled apple and cheese sandwiches': 1, 'fresh apple pieces with chips (crisps)': 1, 'make a bowl of watermelon and salted cucumber. it’s this perfect blend of soft, sweet, crunchy, and salty all in one bite. super simple but really good.': 1, 'potatoes and apples with cheese or cinnamon, depending on if you’re in the mood for something savory or sweeter. i usually dice up the potato, microwave it until it’s mostly cooked, then add the apples and cheese. you could also roast the potato in the oven and add the other stuff in the last few minutes. it’s so good!': 1, 'cottage cheese and fresh diced tomatoes. season it with whatever fits your fancy.. salt, pepper, garlic powder, seasoning salt, garlic salt, cayenne pepper, etc.': 1, 'dates with goat cheese and mint mmmmmmm': 1, 'cottage cheese and every thing but the bagel seasoning from traders. also (i know it sounds weird but) slices of mozzarella cheese with crunchy peanut butter spread on top. that was my go to snack as a kid lol': 1, 'beans and toast baby': 1, 'coffee and caramel slice.\nyour welcome.': 1, 'mashed avocado on toast with a tomato chopped up on top': 1, 'tortilla, shredded cabbage, some mushed beans. season with a little sugar and your choice of spices. fold up and fry in a little oil at a lot heat and flip. \n\ncabbage softens enough but stays firm and tasty, crunchy, chewy, salty and fresh. love it': 1, 'boiled potato with salt and pepper': 1, 'peanut butter & honey (on toast)': 1, 'i\'m late to the party, but this is my go-to anti-hangover if i\'m really hungry recipe: \nmake toast with peanutbutter, put some slices of smoked bacon on top and microwave for about a minute to "bake" the bacon and melt the pb. \ntoast gets a bit smushy, pb becomes sate-sauce and bacon is bacon. best toast ever!': 1, 'peas in beef broth. maybe w ginger.\n\nliverwurst, mustard, bread. \n\ncheese wrapped in sliced deli meat (esp roast beef w a little horseradish sauce). \n\nguac n chips. \n\nsmoked salmon on cucumber slices. \n\nor canned herring mixed w cream cheese on cucumber. \n\nshrimp and cocktail sauce. \n\ncherries w goat cheese.\n\negg noodles w mushroom sauce (hot or cold).  \n\n(i eat a lot of light hors d’oevres like these in the summer…)': 1, 'golden veg rice and tuna with mayo': 1, 'as an asian. soy sauce with basically anything.': 1, 'maybe a bit gross for most people but sardines and honey on toast is amazing for me': 1, 'so it’s not really as quick as your example but like takes me 10 minutes to make.  so i make a bunch of rice the day before.  when i’m ready i cook up some frozen veggies in a wok, add egg then add rice and some soya sauce.  easy egg fried rice you can go as simple as you want or spice it up too.': 1, 'old fashioned oats, any fruit, and a tbsp or two of cream-- best breakfast, especially during the winter months.\n\nsun-dried tomatoes in pasta, salads, or with chicken. i prep a bunch of cherry tomatoes for the week and toss em in anything that sounds good.\n\nbell peppers n hummus.\n\nlow n slow scrambled eggs (with chives or red pepper flakes) on toast.': 1, "this ain exactly a meal but more of a midnight drink/snack. [cereal (?)](https://www.fairprice.com.sg/search?query=nestum%20cereal) not the usual breakfast frosted cereal kind but this kind of cereal not sure what it's called. and milo which is some hot chocolate power mix thing. if you're feeling fancy you can add hot milk but hot water will do too": 1, 'black olives & cheese': 1, 'thin sliced zucchini, sauté (optional with onion) add mix in pasta sauce (optional cheese or ground beef) \ntakes 5-10 minutes to make, delicious': 1, 'crapes + fresh blueberries + nutella \n\npb + pretzel bread\n\navocado + ramen': 1, 'fried halloumi and watermelon. sweet and salty': 1, 'a can of (rinsed and drained) beans added to salsa. we use the fresh salsa from the produce section, and drain it a bit as well, but mixed with beans it’s a great, bright, dish.': 1, 'french fries and mayoniesse': 1, 'baked sweet potato with sour cream (and maybe some broccoli)': 1, 'salsa and chicken in a slow cooker or oven shredded': 1, 'cookie and milk :)': 1, 'banana and the swedish classic “kalles kaviar” on sandwich. sounds horrible, tastes wonderful!': 1, 'cottage cheese + watermelon chunks': 1, 'apples and cheddar cheese': 1, 'grapes, crackers and brie. nuff said': 1, 'since i haven’t seen a mention of this yet… anything with a tortilla is fantastic! cheap and less calories than bread and you can literally put anything in it. \nhamburger meat\nblt \nsliced meats and cheese\ntaco \neggs and cheese\npeanut butter and nutella \npeanut butter and bananas\nhell put hummus and carrots in that sucker!\nthrow it on pan for griddle to give it i lovely crunch': 1, 'avocado and bacon': 1, 'cream cheese and dates': 1, 'thick soft pita bread warmed in microwave for 10 seconds slathered in quality hummus.': 1, "pierogi's with sour cream (sprinkle dried parsley).": 1, 'peanut butter and banana\nred grapes and greek yoghurt \nsmoked cheddar and almonds': 1, 'rice and eggs. crack an egg directly into the rice when it is nearly done. full filling meal for about 60 cents a serving': 1, 'pesto and goat cheese. it has an awesome flavor, and it can be served alone with crackers. or if you are building a bad ass charcuterie board, it is an incredible dip for people to experiment with different flavors on the board.': 1, 'eggs and rice': 1, 'vanilla bean ice cream + chewy chocolate chip cookie + balsamic glaze or aged/vintage balsamic vinegar.\n\nan olive oil and balsamic vinegar store employee once offered to put aged balsamic in my vanilla bean ice-cream and it opened up new world of flavor combination revolving those elements.': 1, 'cheese and onion. any which way you fancy but my favourite is on toast.': 1, 'guava paste and block cheddar cheese cubes with ritz crackers. so darn good together.': 1, 'sharp cheddar cheese and pretty much any nature valley crunchy granola bar': 1, 'cheese and crackers': 1, 'honey and soya sauce. whatever you’ve got, meat and/or veggies, fry it a bit then soya then honey, serve with rice. even people who ‘don’t like asian food’ will go for it.': 1, 'velveeta shells n cheese & rotel': 1, 'chocolate and beer (ideally an ipa), come at me': 1, 'bread + mayo (+ ketchup)': 1, 'microwaved sweet potato and peanut butter': 1, 'brown rice, canned black beans, shredded cheese - put it in a bowl and eat or wrap it in a tortilla! add sauce for flavor and calories': 1, 'ketchup with literally anything else. i already made ketchup sandwiches (literally bread with ketchup). ketchup on crackers, ketchup on bananas, ketchup on ice cream, ketchup with vodka, if it exists i probably already put ketchup on it.': 1, 'i’m late but pork chops and applesauce. you can shake’n’bake em and it is soooo easy and always good. instant mashed potatoes if you’re feeling adventurous!': 1, '* watermelon with peanut sauce\n* peanutbutter, sambal and fried onions\n* banana and amaretto': 1, 'salami, olives, and cream cheese': 1, 'walnuts and apples.': 1, 'okay it sounds weird but it works: peanut butter and beetroot sandwich. know the way peanut butter and "jelly"/jam works? the beetroot gives the same sweetness with a little nice tang too. pickled or fresh works. just gotta make sure you dab a lot of moisture off with paper towels, and put a good layer of pb on each bit of bread, then eat it quickly, otherwise the liquid from the beetroot will seep into the bread and it\'ll go all mushy. i haven\'t tried it yet but i feel like a bit of hot sauce might be nice with it, just a hint of spice.': 1, 'half of canned peach with the hollow filled with mayonnaise then sprinkled with shredded cheddar cheese.': 1, 'lime squeezed over watermelon \n\nporridge and vegemite toast\n\npineapple and beef\n\nvodka and kahluha \n\ngarlic/butter/onions/salt << these ingredients are as important as oxygen': 1, 'oatmeal, sliced bananas, chopped walnuts, and drizzle of  honey.': 1, 'ricotta, honey, bread.  super easy and one of the best snacks': 1, "chicken marinated in soy sauce.\n\njust plain chicken breast/thigh put it in a ziploc with soy sauce for thirty minutes before cooking and it's delicious and seasoned every time. goes with so many meals my favorite is asparagus and couscous": 1, 'steamed broccoli with balsamic drizzles on top or wrap a walnut with prosciutto and eat up.\n\ncucumber salad ( cut cucumber, mix a few dollops of tzatziki and chopped feta) done\n\nlettuce wrap ( lettuce leaf, tzatziki smeared on leaf, slice of deli meat, slice of avocado) \n\na banana dipped in sunflower butter ( you can use std peanut butter too but the sunflower butter has a different taste that really compliments a banana and i can buy it in [individual packets](https://sunbutter.com/sunbutter-natural-on-the-go-pouch/) so i can just cut the corner of the pack and add a bit to each bite)\n\nboiled egg ( peel and dip in salt pepper and nutritional yeast)': 1, "i don't know how stupidly easy it may be for most to make or buy pumpkin jam, but my lovely neighbour gave me a homemade jar of it and it's fucking delicious on a bit of sharp tasty cheese. i'm going to be so sad when it runs out": 1, 'cornflake and jam sandwiches. \n\nwhite bread only, butter, lots of strawberry or raspberry jam, both sides. use lots. then pile on a big handfull of cornflakes. smoosh together lightly. enjoy.': 1, 'white rice and soy sauce with extra sharp cheddar cheese on top.': 1, 'grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich. delicious anytime, but makes a great breakfast with a nice cup of coffee.': 1, 'saute broccoli, add sweet chili chicken sauce\n\ndried sausage and cheese slices, stacked': 1, 'apple with peanut butter ???!?!?': 1, 'beans on buttered toast!': 1, 'beer and pickles': 1, 'hummus goes with everything- use it as mayo, dipping sauce, even pasta sauce (just add a little pasta water) get your protein in, folks\n\nalso found out that canned baked beans and cheeze are good in toasted sandwiches?': 1, 'rice, tuna and sweet corn.': 1, 'lime with watermelon.': 1, 'sliced tomato and mozzarella w/ olive oil & basil': 1, 'celery stalks with salmon cream cheese.\n\napple slices with cheddar.\n\nwatermelon sprinkled with vodka.': 1, 'moserella sticks, black beans, and corn': 1, 'paprika and roasted asparagus': 1, 'feta cheese and philidelphia mixed together to make cheese dip, sprinkle of paprika on top.\n\nit works loads of ways\n\nspread on tortillas, with sliced peppers to make a chunky snack.\n\nadd a spoonful into eggs, and make a cheesy omelette.\n\nchuck in cooked brocoli , peas and sweetcorn, and make a pasty with ready made pasty.\n\n\nalso.\n\ngreen beans or asparagus, roasted on a pan with garlic powder and lemon juice. roasted till the edges start to go brown, and they are amazing as a side. leave it till the edges go dark, and they are a crispy snack.': 1, 'cut up potatoes, cover in olive oil, cover liberally with rosemary and bake. delicious and healthy! also, unlimited rosemary is free once you have a plant growing!': 1, 'canned fruit and evaporated milk (not sweetened condensed milk)\n\nit sounded gross the first time i was recommended it too.': 1, 'rice and peas': 1, 'avocado and honey': 1, 'budget charcuterie board. (i shop aldi for mine)\n\nsliced block cheese\n\nsliced apple, pear, etc.\n\nberries\n\ngrapes\n\n2-4 kinds of sliced meats. (keep a salami or pepperoni in rotation)\n\nbaby carrots\n\ncucumber\n\nspinach leaves\n\nbroccoli\n\nhumus (or whatever low cal dip you like)\n\nand some sort of "fancy" boxed cracker.\n\nwith proper presentation, these are a hit on any "netflix & chill" nights as well.': 1, 'tomatoes and cucumbers': 1, 'boiled egg and pbj sandwich': 1, 'salt and pepper': 1, 'campfire sauce: bbq + mayonnaise': 1, 'eggs and salsa': 1, 'any raw veggies and ranch dressing.': 1, 'carrot slices with sesame.oil and ginger': 1, 'a big round rice cracker with crumbled feta, chopped tomato and torn basil leaves. add a bit of salt and pepper too. so good': 1, 'mushrooms go well with anything, and they’re filling. i’ve added them to pretty much anything i cook. you can get some precut, or cut them yourself. \n\nfun way to cut them is if you have an egg slicer, you can put a whole mushroom in that and chop it that way. \n\nalso, maybe you could make deviled eggs? most of that stuff is probably in your home already. you could also just hard boil some eggs and split them between salads, sandwiches, eating them plain, etc.': 1, 'scrambled eggs and cheese with salsa verde': 1, 'tuna with egg': 1, 'peanut butter and marshmallow fluff sandwich.': 1, 'pears and parmesan': 1, 'salsa and rice\n\njust choose the healthy salsa i guess.': 1, 'tuna on saltine crackers': 1, 'cheese and toast.': 1, 'a whole baked sweet potato with salsa. optional: add cheese & black beans & cilantro\n\ncabbage sautéed with apples & a little salt, pepper & vinegar\n\nwhole portobello mushroom simmered in a little water & balsamic vinegar with garlic. add toasted walnuts & goat cheese or parm at the end. \n\nkale sautéed with garlic & salt, topped with a fried egg.\n\ncream cheese & salsa as a dip\n\nveggie cream cheese in a wrap, rolled then cut up to make pinwheels': 1, 'my favorite ones are salami, cream cheese, and green peppers rolled up together and rice with cheese and sauteed onions (salt and pepper to taste).': 1, 'long pork and roast potatoes': 1, 'daikon  with tuna from a can!  soy sauce and fish flakes topping.': 1, 'palm heats and ham sandwich.': 1, 'potato and salty butter.': 1, 'watermelon+salt': 1, 'jam and cheese\n\n\nnow i know. look i know. but get two god damn bits of bread, spread jam on on then stick some cheese on top then the last slice of bread. eat it and come back here.': 1, 'watermelon and feta cheese. olive oil and lots of pepper = dinner!': 1, 'apple and cheese, bean sprouts and peanut butter on celery, watermelon and feta, tuna and avocado': 1, 'peanut butter and chocolate.  celery & carrots with ranch. crushed mint and ice water.  cinnamon in coffee.': 1, 'tomato slices with fresh mozzarella, basil and balsamic glaze.  no cooking.': 1, 'rice, beans and bacon. bacon basically just for flavouring.': 1, 'prosciutto and cantaloupe. easy to skewer and add that sweet/salty combo to a charcuterie :)': 1, 'beef and broccoli. the chinese know what they’re doing': 1, "unflavoured yoghurt and honey and nuts. it will taste vastly different depending on what type of honey and nuts you are using so this one's really versatile and super easy and nutritious.": 1, 'pears and onions. bake 30 min': 1, 'lemon curd with greek yogurt': 1, 'sourdough bread, cheese and fresh bell peppers': 1, 'cream cheese with salami is a must': 1, 'if done correctly, add your favorite protein powder to plain oatmeal.': 1, 'chop meat, beans, rice and cheese. that’s my low effort day meal.': 1, 'sauté garlic, bacon cubes and button mushrooms together. eat on toast. makes my toes curl just thinking about it.': 1, 'tzatziki with broccoli, carrots, celery, peppers etc': 1, 'cheese and apples': 1, 'vegan greek yogurt and raspberries for those that aren’t interested in sucking the innocent pink teet for baby cow growth fluid.': 1, 'cheapest frozen fruit mix, protein/vitamin powder, water or milk if your fancy.': 1, 'melt cheddar cheese on french toast.   its amazing with the maple syrup.   \n\nor pieces of dill pickles in a tuna mix for sandwiches... yummy.  :)': 1, 'cottage cheese and rice cakes for a bit of an anabolic snacking approach, 10x better with sliced tomato on top + salt & pepper. my go-to fast breaker!': 1, 'sundried tomatoes and feta': 1, 'bread and water': 1, 'bananas and potato chips!!!! salt and vinegar are the best. either let a banana slice ride a chip or, even easier, balance a chip on top of the banana before yoh take each bite. so ffff good, creamy crunchy salty, and the best car snack when road stop options are limited': 1, 'kind of a weird one but i put chopped up lettuce in with my rice and a bit of sauce or dressing (usually thousand island)': 1, "chocolate and chili powder.  this goes both ways.\n\nhot chocolate with a hit of chili powder in it, or chili with a spoonful of coco powder added to the pot.\n\nalso, try strawberries with ground pepper sprinkled on top.  it shouldn't work, but does, somehow.": 1, "rice and coconut flakes. it gives it a slightly sweet flavour, but doesn't cover up the rest. i make it salty, or spicy and eat it with curry.": 1, 'soy sauce and vanilla ice cream… saw i on tiktok': 1, 'humous and almost anything ie carrot sticks, snap peas etc': 1, 'any grilled meat with kimchi. cucumber salad': 1, 'peaches and burrata! drizzle some olive oil and add some basil for extra yum!': 1, 'lettuce and peanut butter in a wrap. it’s so good': 1, 'tortilla chips and cottage cheese! popcorners chips are best since they’re so light there’s more volume per serving. but yeah great protein snack.': 1, 'rice and gravy': 1, 'brown beans on toast. also, salt, pepper and a little olive oil is good on just about anything.': 1, "brussel sprouts soaked in soy sauce. y'all can hate but that shit is fireeeee": 1, 'cottage cheese and corn chips': 1, 'eggs in tomato sauce': 1, 'sliced tomatoes with salt and pepper\n\nfor more work, blt. every time i have one, i’m shocked how amazing a simple bacon, lettuce, tomato sandwich is with a bit of mayo. it’s my favorite of all sandwich’s. fight me.': 1, 'low fat cottage cheese and pepper. feeling crazy? dip cucumbers or cherry tomatoes in it.': 1, 'fruit and cheese: apple with medium cheddar,  peaches with mozzarella, mango with goat cheese, pear with brie\n\nwatermelon salad: watermelon, mint, feta, olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper': 1, 'scrambled egg and broccoli.  \n\n\nsteam the broc for 3 1/2 minutes in the microwave, then cook the eggs, voila.   \n\n\ni like to add some salt and sriracha to the eggs. :)': 1, '1.  grilled cheese and canned tuna salad sandwich\n2.  egg and canned tuna salad.\n3.  tomato and cheddar cheese sandwich with salt and pepper sprinkling': 1, 'ramen and a yolky egg. add some green onions and sesame seeds to the top and voila *chefs kiss*': 1, 'avocado and pickled onions, not only is it really yummy, but the colors are really pretty too! which is a big basis for taste for me for some weird reason.': 1, "avocado > rice cake\nbabana > rice cake\nturkey and salami > rice cake\nalmond butter with raw sugar > rice cake\nrice cake by itself\nand not those shit rice cakes that give rice cakes a bad name\nthese are more like snacks but i eat that shit all da time. \n\nmy staple is to make a shit load of ground beef with onions, brown rice, and baked potatoes and then when i'm hungry i'll use those 3 as a base for beef fried rice. just cook some eggs, throw that all down with some olive oil, green onion, garlic, himalayan salt. whatever vegetables i have i'll cook up real quick and have on the side. \n\nbeef takes like 20 minutes, rice you just set and go; i used to coat the potatoes in olive oil before baking but i got too lazy for that so i just throw them in dry. repeat every 4 days or so.": 1, "i don't care if it sounds disgusting. i only have this heart attack snack very rarely.\n\n\ncheeze wiz and slim jims.": 1, 'cottage cheese. once you get past the texture, its a great source of protein. by itself it doesnt have much flavor, but throw in strawberries or pineapple and granola its great.': 1, 'strawberries and lightly whipped cream. mmmm': 1, 'salmon and bbq sauce': 1, 'oatmeal with raisins and walnuts.': 1, 'all kinds of sweet/salty.  think pancakes and bacon, fruit and cheese, etc 😋': 1, 'hot water and honey bunches of oats cereal makes oatmeal instantly \n\nsemi sweet chocolate chips and nuts': 1, "mozzarella, sliced beef tomato, fresh basil, s&p. okay, this is 5, but i feel like the prep is so easy the last three don't count.": 1, 'chorizo and eggs.': 1, 'melon or figs and procutto or any salted cured meat.': 1, "it's going to sound weird but canned pear halves with mayo and shredded cheese.  it is sooo good! also, bananas cut in half with peanut butter and sprinkled with roasted peanuts.": 1, 'peanut butter + soy sauce. surprisingly good with any veg. i love it with broccoli and mushrooms.': 1, 'sliced bananas on nut butter on toast with a sprinkling of chia seeds and cacao nibs! very filling and tasty!': 1, 'yogurt and oats. best overnight oats. it’s like cheesecake.': 1, 'pineapple & ham/chicken. hot peppers & pineapples.': 1, '1. cucumber sticks and soy sauce to dip\n\n2. pate and crackers\n\n3. enoki mushroom and sliced cheese (microwaved so it melts) \n\n4. grated garlic, olive oil and yoghurt (amazing dip for meats, chips, you name it)\n\n5. sprinkle toasted breadcrumbs over your pasta. it’s amazing.': 1, 'grapes, gouda cheese cubes and salami. super yummy, no effort needed': 1, 'spicy chicken and white rice is an all time classic for me. personally will throw steamed broccoli in if im meal prepping': 1, 'leftover pizza with a fried egg on top.': 1, 'peanut butter and banana sandwich\n\nbanana and cocoa powder smoothie\n\neggs and rice\n\npopcorn and nutritional yeast and nuts\n\neggs and toast\n\nquick pickles: rub salt and lemon juice into thin-sliced cucumbers\n\nboiled frozen vegetables': 1, 'if you drizzle honey on sliced apples/stone fruit and microwave briefly they become soft and sweet and go well with yogurt and granola': 1, 'soup crackers with peanut butter': 1, 'tuna and black olives  \ntuna and sweet corn  \n\n\nfried potatoes with onion.': 1, 'rice + cheese or rice + butter or rice + soy sauce\nso good': 1, 'raw almonds, cherries, and dark chocolate': 1, 'the random tamales from that random reddit story today you tomorrow me': 1, 'chili and peanut butter on bread. my ex husband introduced me to it and the flavor profile together is unexpected and delicious.': 1, 'apples with cream cheese \npeanut butter and cream cheese mixed \nhoney and yogurt': 1, 'sour cream and salsa! use whatever you want to dip like veggies, crackers, chicharrones etc.': 1, 'pickles and french fries.': 1, "italian sausage and chopped onions/red peppers. just stick it on the same pan in the oven. \n\nham and mustard. \n\napple and cheddar cheese. (served cold.)\n\ncherries and chocolate. \n\nbread and butter. \n\ntortillas and butter. (i also grew up eating them with mayo, but i know that's not everyone's thing). \n\ncucumbers and cream cheese.": 1, 'green apples and sharp cheddar': 1, 'i don’t see it mentioned so a good cheap one is hot dogs and mac n cheese. super easy.': 1, "since i haven't seen it pop up, mac+cheese with hot dogs and broccoli/cauliflower salad (hellmans mayonnaise, broccoli/ cauliflower, sugar, shredded cheese, bacon bits) best way to get the kids to think they eat healthy": 1, 'plain rice cake with peanut butter, honey, and banana slices! greek yogurt, granola, and blueberries, hummus plate with random veggies, bell peppers stuffed with veggie flavored cream cheese, and everything but the bagel seasoning on top. overnight oats are also flame.': 1, "roasted grapes with a smidge of honey (optional, add fresh thyme or rosemary).  it's great with greek yogurt, goat cheese, cottage cheese, ice cream, alone, etc.  the sweetness is amazing.": 1, 'cottage cheese with pineapple, peaches, nectarines, or pears (canned or fresh)\n\nsliced apples dipped in greek or icelandic yogurt': 1, 'but… you need to cook broccoli, right?': 1, 'black beans and sweet potatoes!! great with taco seasonings like red pepper, cumin, paprika, etc.': 1, 'canned tuna, raw onions, beans, olive oil, vinegar & salt': 1, 'the amount of people that can’t work within your simple request of pairing two things together is surprising.': 1, 'mandarin oranges 🍊 with cottage cheese and black pepper': 1, 'watermelon with lime and salt\n\nfried plantains with condensed milk, media crema, and parmesan cheese on top': 1, 'oatmeal with peanut butter and honey. add your choice of fruits if you want (i like bananas, strawberries, blackberries, and/or apples). i use quick oats so i boil my water, pour over the oatmeal (add a bit of extra) and let it sit for a minute before adding the pb and drizzle of honey. stir til it’s creamy then add the fruits.': 1, "others mention lots of rice combos, but i really like fried rice with peas and spinach. i find the white and green visually appealing, and the flavor gets a nice boost. i basically just throw them all in a pan with the cooked rice, a little bit of oil, and stir around until the peas are done. \n\nrecently i've found a new combo, chopped apples sauteed up with caremelized onion is pretty nice. got it from [a porkchop recipe](https://www.thefoodinmybeard.com/recipe/cornbread-coated-pork-chops-with-caramelized-onion-and-apple/). it might be a garnish but i don't mind it as a side.": 1, 'strawberries and vinegar (really)': 1, 'sardines and rice.': 1, 'chocolate hummus and chocolate hummus': 1, 'wheat thins and grapes.': 1, 'microwaved sweet potato and most anything. pasta sauce, virtually any cheese, butter, pesto, steamed/roasted veggies. just poke some holes in the sweet potato, wrap in a wet paper towel, microwave for like 8 minutes, and fill with stuff.': 1, 'spinach+peanut butter+chili powder with rice. just cook all the ingrediants together for 5 minutes (you can add a bit of salt) then serve it with rice. the most random yet delicious+easy.': 1, 'dill pickle + salt & vinegar chips together are fire': 1, 'rice, soy sauce, and sesame oil. maybe add vinegar to it if you want some sourness.': 1, 'grapes and baby bell cheese': 1, 'chedder cheese and sweet chilli sauce.': 1, 'chunky cottage cheese on granny smith apple slices': 1, 'applesauce & peanut butter. i eat spoonfuls.': 1, 'celery, peanut butter, and raisins': 1, 'frying spinach with garlic and butter': 1, 'honey and pickles (real long curated in salt water cucumbers, not the one with vinegar)\n\nthe pairing is amazing - super sweetness broken brutally with salt and acid taste.': 1, 'pickled beetroot and cream cheese\nmanchego cheese and honey\nstrong dutch cheese and mustard\nbaked fresh figs and greek yoghurt\nfresh tomatoes cut into large pieces and marinated in a good balsamic vinegar or pesto \npickled herring with slices of sharp onion': 1, "i've been doing pb & banana on bread lately": 1, 'white rice and sriracha': 1, 'cash and a food delivery app': 1, 'frozen bananas (sliced) sandwiched with peanut butter makes a yummy treat. roll sides in mini choc chips for extra yum!': 1, 'huevos con weenie. a staple growing up and still to this day. chop up hot dogs, franks, weenies, whatever you call them. using oil or butter fry them up till cooked to your preference ( i prefer slightly browned and crispy) then add eggs and scramble. perfect with bread or tortillas add ketchup or your favorite salsa. cheap and super quick to make.': 1, 'i typed this whole comment out before realizing it was cheap and healthy. smh': 2, 'oreos and peanut butter': 1, 'sourdough toast\n+\n peanut butter -unsweetened/no additives (creamy not chuncky - you savage) \n+\nfat slice of fresh tomato from the garden \n+\nnon-iodinizaed salt (i like a course sea or pink salt)\n\n\nat first this might sound like a weird one but the more you think about it the more sense it makes:\n\nhas all the same elements of a pb&j: savory /sweet /acid / salt.\ni\'d call it "grown up" , but my kids like it too.': 1, 'oddly specific, but sun-dried-tomato crackers (wheat thins makes a variety like this, but seemingly any one should work), with extra-sharp white cheddar cheese.  some kind of magic happens there...  presumably actual sun-dried tomatoes would work, too; i just haven\'t gone that far.\n\ni know you said not much cooking, but i gotta tell you, i have a slow cooker recipe that\'s so easy it doesn\'t feel like cooking:  ham & green beans.\n\nit\'s quite simple:  put ham (the sort with a bone - hamhocks are good too) and green beans in a slow cooker, cover almost-but-not-quite to the top with chicken broth, stock, or bouillon.  cook on high 5 hours.  magic will happen.  everything will be so amazingly delicious you won\'t know how you didn\'t have to season anything.\n\n* you may dice & add waxy (red, gold, or all-purpose) potatoes if you like to bulk it up, but it isn\'t necessary\n* fresh green beans are best.  wash, trim the ugly-looking ends, snap \'em in half.\n* cut the ham up but make sure the bone goes in.  if there\'s a tough "rind" on your ham, slice that off in big pieces but leave it in as well & just remove before eating.\n* do not be tempted to add any additional seasoning, especially salt, especially if your stock, broth, or bouillon isn\'t sodium-free.  the ham is salty enough to season everything.\n* always use chicken broth, stock, or bouillon, unless you can get that better than bouillon ham flavor.  that supposedly goes well in this, though i never tried it myself.\n\nlike most stew-like concoctions, this tastes better after a day in the fridge.  a lot better.  and it\'s pretty darned good to begin with...': 1, 'fat and salt.': 1, "strawberries/banana and nutella, it's absurd how good they are": 1, 'apple with peanut butter....wow sounds yummy.\nthought peanut butter with celery a good match too!': 1, 'fry up an egg and a few slices of spam, and eat with a bowl of rice': 1, 'banana and almond butter.': 1, 'banana slices with peanut butter.\n\npeanut butter on graham crackers, with a cold glass of milk.\n\nspaghetti (or any pasta) with tomato sauce and kidney beans instead of meat. topped with mozzarella sauce. delicious! 😉': 1, 'feta and honey melon. \nturkish life hack.': 1, 'microwaved apple and granola': 1, 'sliced strawberry and sugar, really easy, maybe not all that healthy but delicious.': 1, 'roast jalapenos, take those and blend with strawberry jam. serve warm. \nalso peach jam too.': 440, "word of caution to anyone heating jam: it's gonna be way hotter than it looks!!!!! take some time to let it cool first, or you're gonna napalm your mouth.": 321, "most of the time, we're used to cooking things with water in them, so they never get hotter than the boiling point of water. we deal with air and metal that gets hotter than that, but neither hold and transfer heat into you like hot sugar liquid can.": 45, 'reminds me of when my wife and i made caramel and thought we let it cool down enough before we both proceeded to burn the crap out of the roofs of our mouths.': 2, 'i know of someone who grabbed a piping bag of hot caramel somewhere in the middle of the bag, so it spilled over onto their hand. initial human reaction is to shake your hand and try to get the hot thing off. well, this person did that, and the caramel flung off… along with their skin.': 4, 'that’s one of the most metal things i’ve read on this sub.\n\ni hope they were okay!': 3, "i did that at my first job at applebee's with hot fudge. nothing cooled it down, except the vat of ice cream i shoved my hand into. i didn't last a week.": 1, 'thank you. my stupid ass still can’t give a pizza time to cool. i just know i’d burn my mouth with tasty hot jam.': 37, 'my last dental visit they pointed out that my palate has scar tissue from pizza and lack of patience.': 3, 'i see that the concept of “delayed gratification” is foreign to you as well': 1, "yeah i've seen a lot of those hot water & sugar punishments in prison shows. \n\nhot sugar splashing = dangerous sticky lava": 1, 'we pour a jar of strawberry jalapeno jam over a block of cream cheese and eat it on crackers! delish!': 142, 'after trying this one time and finding it amazing.... i still have trouble thinking of any other application for jalapeno fruit jams.': 38, 'pork chops…': 58, 'a spicy grilled pb and j sandwich sounds tempting.': 29, 'i used to make peanut butter and pickled jalapeno sandwiches when i was younger. your idea sounds like the boss version of mine, lol.': 4, '???': 1, '??': 5, 'excellent on a good plain cheesecake, blueberry habanero is a fave': 5, 'baked brie': 3, 'can also use jalapeño fruit jam it to make a spicy margarita. we buy the 1800 pineapple margarita mix and add a teaspoon of jalapeño jelly. and a little extra tequila of course. delicious!': 2, '[ribs](https://www.cookscountry.com/recipes/3382-chinese-sticky-ribs)': 2, 'the green ones are good with steak': 1, "peanut butter and spicy jelly?\n\ni've seen a jalapeño chocolate cake before?": 1, 'i had a strawberry-jalapeño jam, brie, and pear grilled cheese (or melt, whatever) on sourdough that i still dream about sometimes.': 1, "i bet it'd be wonderful over baked brie": 1, 'chili jams are a great glaze for ham and pork in general.': 1, "with gyoza/dumplings, wonton, eggrolls, in stir fry, or on a turkey sandwich. any way you'd use a sweet chili sauce.": 1, "it's like a fruit cheese cake. love it on toasted white bread. a thick layer of cream cheese and a dollop of jam": 1, 'well gee thanks. now i’m hungry..': 1, 'i’ve done ricotta and jam or honey… also a good combo': 1, 'jalapeno jam and blue cheese on a cracker.': 1, 'goat cheese and pepper jam is my favorite combo on our charcuterie board when we have people over.': 1, 'pepper jelly over cream cheese is a staple at every southern party for sure. pickapeppa too!': 1, 'try with brie next time and wrap it in a puff pastry. you’re welcome': 1, 'my godmother makes amazing hot pepper crabapple jelly. the hot peppers are generally a mix of jalapenos and thai chilies... sooooo good with sharp cheddar.\n\n*edited to remove voice to text errors.*': 34, 'you okay there bud?': 10, "wow sorry, don't know what happened with that comment. must have been something with the voice to text that i didn't notice before posting.": 2, 'it’s okay i forgive you': 5, 'spread cream cheese 1/8 to 1/4 inch think on a nice dish. spread the jalapeño/jam mix over it. server with tortilla or your favorite crackers.': 6, 'i made a raspberry rhubarb sauce with jalapeno that damn near blew my mind. sweet, tart and spicy, it made a damn good topping on ice cream.': 2, 'that sounds delightful!': 2, 'i just recently made some strawberry jam from scratch and added a couple red chilis. sweet and spicy!': 1, 'i’m into cocktails lately and i saw a recipe for one with strawberry and jalapeño. i didn’t care for it but my interest is piqued again. will give it a second glance!': 1, 'whoa this sounds amazing. i love pepper jelly and i think i would love this.   \ndo you think it would work with banana peppers? my coworker has a ton he is trying to get rid of.': 1, 'is this basically pepper jelly?': 1, 'mango and coffee ice cream, not putting mangoes in coffee ice cream, but using mango and coffee concentrate to make an ice cream. i was in culinary school and wanted to come up with something that didn’t work together at all… and then it did.': 102, '……my curiosity is piqued….': 16, 'when you say concentrate do you mean extract or something else? i just got a ice cream maker and am quite intrigued to try this!': 8, 'this is the first one that actually surprised me.': 2, 'hot honey and pizza, thought it was kind of weird until i tried it. my mind was blown! 🤯': 173, 'i’ve started putting hot honey on my caprese salad and it’s amaaaaazing.': 41, "ouuuu i've got to try that now!": 1, "mike's hot honey is going to be the next sriracha": 30, 'carolina reaper honey is the current trend of /r/hotsauce': 2, "haven't had that one but i need to try it! i've got a bottle of reaper sauce in my fridge": 2, 'make a pepperoni pizza add mozzarella and goat cheese and dress arugula with olive oil and hot honey…. divine': 8, "my favorite pizza is pepperoni, pineapple, roasted garlic, jalapeño, with mozzarella and feta. i have tried it with mike's hot honey and it's fantastic!": 4, 'the feta is key. the saltiness that it brings and the pop of flavor. the best': 2, 'burrata or like mozzie balls shredded?': 2, 'shredded whole milk, i should of said. goat cheese is nice and soft if in a log i just make thin slices and place it to make sure each slice has a nice tangy slice, i’ve used the goat cheese crumbles as well and it comes out great.': 2, 'dipping your crust in honey is a colorado specialty, a lot of the pizza joints have honey on the table with the crushed pepper and parm': 3, 'oh man my favorite breakfast spot has pastrami, folded egg, cheese and hot honey on an everything bagel and it’s the best. call your mother jew-ish deli in dc': 2, 'seconded! just tried this 2 days ago and it was goooood!': 2, 'hot honey goes good with almost anything with warm or melty cheese on it!': 2, 'throw in some pepperoni.': 2, 'yes!!!! a lot of pizza places where i live serve theirs with chili honey now, absolutely amazing!': 2, 'and with spicy fried chicken!': 2, 'kimchi and cheese, like kimchi quesadillas or kimchi grilled cheese. \n\napple butter on cottage cheese. looks really gross  if you stir it up, but tastes amazing.': 485, 'cottage cheese and applesauce was a staple of my childhood.': 68, 'cottage cheese and *beets* 😍': 9, 'this i gotta try.': 1, "oh god it's so good. for max fancy i do a bed of greens with a drizzle of vinaigrette and then top with cottage cheese, beets, and shoestring sliced carrots and a little diced ham. god. fuck 😂": 2, 'divine!!': 10, 'cottage cheese with cherry tomatoes is great also.': 4, 'it’s so funny that you mention that combo because this post sparked me to ask my husband if he did cottage cheese/applesauce as a kid. he said no, they always did cottage cheese/tomatoes! so interesting that much of what we consider normal as kids is actually pretty different.': 3, 'i agree, although i didn’t figure out that combo was good until later on. i do like applesauce also, but not together with cottage cheese. i’m weirdo with some combinations tho.': 1, 'i like it with regular tomatoes and pepper.': 3, 'i like it with salt especially but sometimes both salt and pepper.': 1, 'add some saltine crackers and it tastes somewhat like apple pie': 2, 'cottage cheese and any fruit.': 1, 'i make kimchi and grilled spam grilled cheese - and also kimchi fried rice with cheese melted on top - mozzarella!\n\nthrow some green onion in the sandwich too.': 93, 'oh yes i forgot about kimchi fried rice too. something about it with cheese is so delicious.': 5, 'i will add to this list: kimchi and a slice of american cheese in ramen.': 2, 'try kimchi, avocado and toast': 1, 'similarly, pumpkin butter with plain greek yogurt.': 24, 'that’s sounds really good. and i may have messed up my original post. as much as i do love apple butter/cottage cheese, i think i meant pumpkin butter/cottage cheese. i can only get the pb from trader joe’s seasonally. so delicious.': 3, 'i put applesauce on cottage cheese. it’s awesome.': 14, 'i live out here in los angeles, and kogi makes kimchi quesadillas that are craaaaack.': 59, 'yep, the truck is not far from me and that’s where i first had it! been making my own now to save $. i use both sharp cheddar and mozzarella too!': 24, 'i used to work at hulu and kogi would be outside of our office every thursday. i actually got really tired of eating it, but the blackjack quesadilla was always my favorite.': 1, 'with hot honey??': 1, "kimchi grilled cheese was my first thought too when i read the question. it's delicious! maangchi has a great technique where you sautee the kimchi in a little butter in the same pan as you heat two slices of bread, then you put the hot kimchi and the cheese between the hot sides of the bread and toast the sandwich on each side - this melts the cheese without burning the bread. it's genius.": 31, 'oh yeah even for quesadillas, you have to cook down the kimchi first!\n\nalso i love maangchi! she had a pot luck meet up out here in la many many years ago and my husband and i were there.': 11, "bar across the street from me does a kimchi/apple/cheddar grilled cheese, it's really good. i've done is a couple times too but couldn't quite get the balance down.": 17, 'kimchi turkey melts are bomb.': 1, 'ok the addition of apple has me intrigued and sounds so good.': 1, "yes! i have been on a kimchi kick and i've tried to recommend kimchi quesadillas to everyone. people usually look at me dubiously. it's such a good flavor combo though.": 4, 'similarly, korean hot pepper paste (gochujang) sauces pair so well with melty cheese. tteokbokki (spicy rice cakes), dak galbi (spicy braised chicken and veggies) are so good with melty cheese on top.': 2, 'what kind of cheese?': 1, 'i usually go for a mexican cheese blend or just some cheddar.': 1, 'i make kimchi nachos sometimes, it is sooo good.': 2, "apple butter and cottage cheese was my jam when i was a kid. i have never seen anyone else eat it! it's so good.": 2, "kimchi and cheese doesn't surprise me... i've learned that anything pickled + cheese is amazing, i don't even question it at this point.": 2, 'kimchi and cream cheese also match made in heaven': 1, 'kimchi chicken and waffles was good!': 1, 'shin ramen with cheese! so good': 1, 'dd.  4.. slide clips to delete y 6the um': 1, 'both of them sounds pretty normal to me': 1, 'pineapple, crushed nuts and cottage cheese is amazing': 1, 'kimchi bacon mac and cheese is so so good': 1, 'kimchi (chop it and fry it up with butter and sesame oil) + kraft dinner… maybe a raw egg yolk on top of it if that’s your thing \n\n🔥 🔥 🔥': 1, 'kimchi pizza is amazing': 1, "oooh yeah, one of my favorite grilled cheese's had apple slices in it. real thin, but they were great.": 1, 'specifically, some kind of blue cheese and kimchi. the richness of the blue and the spiciness of the kimchi go great together.': 1, 'kimchi grilled cheese is the best thing ever. i like putting thin sweet apple slices in there too, great on a burger as well.': 1, 'kimchi and cottage cheese is also a good combo.': 1, 'kimchi cheese fries at bopngrill in chicago >>>>': 1, "something about hot kimchi i don't like, only cold for me": 1, "i feel like i'm spoiled because kogi comes by every wednesday so i've been having kimchi quesadillas and the like for a long time. long enough that i forget that others aren't used to it.\n\nthen again cheese at kbbq is fairly popular too.": 1, 'yes! i remember having some kimchi ramen with american cheese and thinking how weird it would be but it was oh so good': 1, 'kimchi,  blue cheese.. try it.': 1, "dude. try out kimchi cheese fries, or kimchi mac'n cheese. both are truly incredible, and super weird combos. \n\ntry to get a less salty kimchi if you make at home since cheese is fairly salty too. i've made some with a brand that was great when eating by itself but with cheese it was overly salty": 1, 'there is a small chain near me that makes a killer kimchi mac and cheese!': 1, "we saute kim chi in butter and put on cheeseburgers it's so good.": 1, 'i make a version of carne asada fries with kimchi and bulgogi. i totally believe the kimchi and cheese.': 1, 'maple syrup and sriracha (50/50) brushed onto thin planks of spam, fried crispy.\n\nmy friend used to make it as an afterbar snack, but it honestly should be on restaurant menus as an appetizer.': 197, 'this is great with sweet potato too!': 19, "i ate so much spam as a kid and i just can't do it now. maybe this will get me to try it.": 7, 'both of those ingredients are in the bang bang sauce i make, so i totally see how that works.': 2, 'i have a few cans of spam left from the early pandemic grocery store raids.\n\nnow i know what i’ll be making with it!': 1, "it's funny; the reason my friend invented the dish is that some weirdo poker buddy of his was finally liquidating the contents of his y2k bunker and was giving away cases upon cases of spam.\n\nspam: taste the apocalypse!": 5, 'yum.': 1, "there's a cafe near me that serves a monte cristo, but with french toast for bread and drowned in maple siracha sauce. that stuff would be amazing on anything, i'm convinced": 1, "holy shit that sounds great. wouldn't the maple syrup burn easily?": 1, 'i’ve used maple syrup with other stuff, if you cook on medium low and don’t leave it alone it carmelizes': 2, 'it also helps that the spam renders out a ton of fat while you cook.': 1, 'maple syrup, siracha and ketchup is my girlfriends favorite wing sauce, very close to a sweet thai chili sauce flavor wise': 1, 'my mom does this combo + honey and that’s how we dress our wings!': 1, 'i picked up some maple syrup balsamic vinegar, used that with siraracha to cook some carne asada for burritos. was amazing.': 1, 'this sounds like it would work with salmon too.': 1, "it's not exactly a combo, but try putting unsweetened cocoa powder and fish sauce in your next batch of chili. it enhances the flavor incredibly! was amazed at thr result the first time i did it. will never do chili without them now. a bit if red wine goes a long way too. really adds depth.": 286, 'i put cocoa powder in my chili, and i put miso in my chili, but now i’m going to have to make chili and put fish sauce in it.': 101, "fish sauce in chili is absolutely amazing. i usually just use cubed tri tip, and it makes the meat taste soooo much meatier. it's a cheat code. more than cocoa, more than coffee (and i like both), fish sauce gives your chili a meaty depth you can't really recreate any other way. i consider it an essential ingredient, tbh.": 55, 'i put half beef half italian sausage and people love it and generally have zero idea. also a bit of coffee or coca. i find beer gets too bitter': 15, 'i thought coffee would be too strong a flavor in a chili or beef gravy, but when the proportions are right, it works so well. i upped it to using espresso and was delighted with the results.\n\nedit: typo': 2, 'i use tiny amounts!\n\ncoffee in brownies too oh my lanta': 3, 'cream cheese swirled in brownie batter then baked, my lanta squared.': 1, 'sometimes i do that but i always add coffee. it doesn’t taste like coffee- it just makes the chocolate taste more chocolate-y for some reason. if it did taste like coffee i would not enjoy it . it’s some kinda moon magic': 3, " you can also use anchovies if you don't have fish sauce.": 2, 'soy sauce also works to an extent for that umami': 1, 'any recommendations for fish sauce brand?': 1, 'i like red boat, tbh, but that’s with mid level googling and checking against reddit and twitter and what’s available locally, tbh. \n\nhttps://guide.michelin.com/en/article/dining-in/getting-down-to-the-juice-of-fish-sauce-sg\n\nthis is pretty much what you need to know about choosing a fish sauce.\n\nyou know the difference between the ocean taste of fresh oysters and rotten fish smell some places on the coast? that’s the difference between quality fish sauce and the shit you find in the asian section of the grocery store. it was eye opening for me.': 1, "i've never tried miso, that's a great idea!": 2, 'miso and fish sauce are both umami enhancers': 6, 'a little bit of ground coffee works well for this, too. coffee and chocolate': 20, 'ooo. never thought of coffee. thank you!': 8, "don't put coffee grounds in your chili, just get some instant coffee. it is also an excellent addition to brownies, or any chocolatey confection.": 41, 'yup that’s what i do. also fat tablespoon of creamy peanut butter when i make a big batch really rounds out some of the flavors.': 11, 'brownie batter swirled with heated cream cheese then baked. never go back to regular.': 1, 'i’m going to need to keep instant coffee in my pantry now.': 1, 'i do the same. espresso powder and coco powder. it adds so much depth.': 1, "i add cinnamon and worcestershire to mine. it's such a hame changer!!!": 13, 'cocoa powder is the least secret “secret ingredient” in good chili since the internet happened. \n\nbut fish sauce? yeah imma try that out.\n\npersonally, i add mustard powder.': 22, "that's a good call. i haven't done that yet either!": 2, 'fish sauce is just umami, also not a secret ingredient since the internet...': 2, "there are a lot of ways to umami bomb chili.\n\nmarmite is another good option. anchovies and miso work, too...\n\nif i'm making my chili as a finely ground sauce for other things, like hot dogs and stuff (like, no *whole* beans, with ground beef, not chop, etc.), i like to add just a tiny bit of cinnamon. very small amount, just enough to know that there's something there, but not enough that you can pick it out as a flavor.": 22, 'shiitake mushrooms are great too. finely chopped.': 3, 'anchovie paste baked with many chopped artichoke hearts, garlic and good olive oil, sprinkled with shaved parmesan, served with crusty bread slices, is one if the finest appetizers known to mankind.': 3, 'how much fish sauce and cocoa powder in a batch of chili?': 3, "ya know this isn't going to be helpful, but i don't know. when i cook i don't normally measure eveything out. it's kinda a pinch here, a dash there. not a lot of both. maybe a 1tbps of fish sauce and half of that for the cocoa to start? then adjust from there. that would be for a 1lb of meat. hope this helps.": 7, 'just keep adding drops of fish sauce and taste as you go. don’t go overboard because it can be very strong. don’t get freaked out by the smell when you open the bottle because it’s very pungent.\n\nyou can probably be a bit more liberal with the cocoa powder, if you add too much it will just give it an earthy taste': 3, 'i do the same also try adding very finely ground coffee ( 2 tsp for a big batch) 🤤': 2, 'cocoa is excellent in chilli but it’s definitely something to use sparingly as it has a very distinct flavour and can easily become overpowering if too much is added.': 2, 'we sometimes use a 1/4 cup of day old coffee. has to be day old. fresh doesn’t work the same.': 2, 'a little coffee works great as well. fish sauce is the magic touch to a lot of dishes, in pasta sauce too': 2, 'i put unsweetened cocoa and creamy peanut butter in my mole sauce for chicken enchiladas. balances the heat out delightfully.': 2, 'i’ve started to put a mole base in mine, basically the same concept. i had a friend that swore by blending nori into his': 2, 'be careful with fish sauce. i started adding it and it makes chilli so delicious i overeat every time now haha.': 2, 'lol! yeah self restraint with tasty food is not a strength of mine.': 1, 'i made black bean chili last night and added coconut aminos and w sauce. no, i can’t spell it.': 2, "i put fish sauce in every damn thing. it's up there with butter and salt for me in the pantheon of 'ingredients that just make everything better regardless of what it is'": 2, "this isn't really shocking. chocolate is used in mole and fish sauce is just umami. you can use worcestershire or soy or umami seasoning too.": 2, "i put worcestershire sauce in marinara. i figure that's in a similar vein to this?": 45, "same vibe. worcestershire is just spiced fish sauce, tbh. i find straight fish sauce to have a much broad umami flavor, though. also, you wouldn't really think it, but the difference between soething like la choy fish sauce vs a good quality one is \\*massive\\*. \n\n[https://guide.michelin.com/en/article/dining-in/getting-down-to-the-juice-of-fish-sauce-sg](https://guide.michelin.com/en/article/dining-in/getting-down-to-the-juice-of-fish-sauce-sg)\n\nred boat is a pretty popular brand and i really like the product compared to others i tried without knowing what i was looking for.": 41, 'the chili recipe i make calls for worcestershire, would i just swap it out for fish sauce? or do half worcestershire and half fish sauce?': 4, 'you can use both! they both add different types of umami.': 3, '+1 for red boat.': 2, 'i like the squid one!': 1, 'yes. it adds some depth and acid.': 3, 'that sounds amazing': 1, "i thought it was an odd combo when i saw it in this recipe, but now it's one of my favourite dishes\n\n[eggplant and country ham ragù](https://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/eggplant-and-country-ham-ragu)": 0, "i thought it was an odd combo when i saw it in this recipe, but now it's one of my favourite dishes\n\neggplant and country ham ragù on bon appetit": 0, "i thought it was an odd combo when i saw it in this recipe, but now it's one of my favourite dishes\n\nhttps://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/eggplant-and-country-ham-ragu": 1, "i thought it was an odd combo when i saw it in this recipe, but now it's one of my favourite dishes\n\n\n[eggplant and country ham ragù\n\n](https://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/eggplant-and-country-ham-ragu)": 1, "i thought it was an odd combo when i saw it in this recipe, but now it's one of my favourite dishes\n\n\n[eggplant and country ham ragù](https://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/eggplant-and-country-ham-ragu)": 1, 'cocoa powder, worcestershire sauce and red wine vinegar. makes the taste much richer.': 1, 'whiskey and blueberries.\n\nfrozen ones are great ice cubes, but you can also use a few fresh blueberries as an alternative “chaser” after you have a sip if you’re a glass of whiskey person. makes both things taste delicious.': 285, 'i’ve had blueberry old fashioneds before, i concur with this.': 95, 'i want to try it with some sort of drunk cupcake frankenstein recipe.': 22, "beep. boop. i'm a robot.\nhere's a copy of \n\n###[frankenstein](https://snewd.com/ebooks/frankenstein/)\n\nwas i a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/reddit-book-bot/) | [more books](https://old.reddit.com/user/reddit-book-bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)": 28, 'ehhh bot': 15, 'good bot': 10, 'good bot.': -2, 'if this sounds good to someone, you might enjoy premium coffee. some coffees have very intense fruity, tart, acidic notes. in descending order of importance (edit: for the berry taste specifically, not for quality in general), look for natural processed, light roasted, from africa (ethiopia, kenya, ...). personally, i prefer those as filtered coffees rather than espresso.': 18, 'my kids are at that "everything is awkward and embarrassing* phase so i started calling blueberries, bloobs. the hilarity never stops lol': 7, '#amazing\n\nthat’s a parenting troll level i can only hope to achieve one day.': 1, 'i approve of this message': 3, 'i’m definitely going to try this.': 2, 'oh wow, good idea! i’ve only had whiskey with my whiskey before now': 2, 'not too surprising, blackberry smash is a classic whiskey cocktail. same basic concept. a lot of great whiskeys have notes of dark stone fruits': 2, 'i have never had this drink, and i will fix that as soon as i can.': 1, 'whiskey and apple juice (without fizz) and in separate glasses not mixed.': 2, 'glass of whiskey person,  and chaser do not belong together': 1, 'sometimes a whiskey person is trying to share a new drink with someone who’s never tried it. or only had cheap whiskey from a plastic handle.\n\nand you just have to humor them until they see the light. some people can ride a bike right away, sometimes they need training wheels. doesn’t mean they shouldn’t ride a bike.': 1, "well they aren't exactly glass of whiskey people then": 1, 'at a fancy restaurant i was served persimmon and crab. it blew my mind.': 93, 'this sounds fantastic. persimmons are criminally underrated, at least where i live': 11, "same. they're also really expensive so i bought a tree instead. might get fruit in a few years hopefully. i only need to eat 45 persimmons to recoup the cost of the tree.": 4, 'according to chinese culture, eating persimmon and crab together will get you food poisoning 🤷\u200d♀️': 1, 'lavender and black pepper gelato. what fucking psychopath had the balls to pull such a heavenly combo off?': 93, 'yeah, that sound amazing.': 1, 'whoah': 1, 'also, garlic gelato': 1, 'ginger and carrot is also a lovely combo to put into gelato': 1, 'i had peanut and smoked paprika ice cream once and it was incredible!': 1, "peanut butter on a cheese burger, super wild to me the first time i had it, but now it's a lovely lil treat and a welcome addition.": 192, 'peanut butter and chilli jam bacon cheeseburger. honestly the best burger i’ve ever eaten. i’d implore you all to try it!': 71, 'add a fried egg and you have a masterpiece.': 2, 'yes!!! i once had a slider from a food truck with candied bacon, goat cheese, strawberry jam, and peanut butter. 7 years later and i’m still thinking about it': 2, 'chunky pb, thick cut maple bacon, jelly or jam, and sriracha': 36, 'i do this with jalapeno slices in place of the sriracha. burger optional if you have enough bacon. i sometimes use seared salami instead... also delicious. my favorite jam so far has been cherry jubilee.': 8, 'my people!': 2, 'spongebob really knew his stuff w the jelly on krabby patties': 1, "is there any particular kind of peanut butter, or something mixed in with the peanut butter?\n\ni gave it a try with some jif/skippy/whatever and while it was interesting and certainly not *bad* in any way, i felt like it didn't *add* anything either. the flavors never melded together to create an interesting new flavor profile. it was as if i could distinctly taste the beef, and distinctly taste the peanut butter, and they stayed separate the whole time.": 15, 'i haven’t tried making a pb burger on my own. but i’ve had it at a few different places and i don’t think any of them used straight skippy. usually it’s melted, i think they may enhance the salt. maple and honey flavors are the main sweetness, which isn’t as prominent in regular pb. and usually the bacon helps make the pb more cohesive with the burger. since burgers and bacon and bacon and pb go well together, it bridges the gap of pb and burger. i haven’t had any with a jelly component but i think that if you do that, try a chipotle or chile pepper infused jam like others have suggested.': 21, 'according to george motz recalling asking the chef at a place that makes pb burgers, "it\'s just jiff."': 1, "lucky 13 out here in slc serves a peanut butter burger, and it's fucking awesome.": 8, 'i’d be down to try this. so just pb on a burger or do you still put all the other usual condiments?': 11, 'i do peanut butter and a nice jam': 3, 'yup the usual cheeseburger fixins, i put ketchup and mayo on one bun and pb on the other': 2, 'my favorite combo on a burger is peanut butter, habenero jam, and bacon.': 2, "i would try just the peanut butter alone first, with some bacon on there, just to see if it's your thing. i do a sweet hawaiian roll, bacon, peanut butter, and grape jelly, and i think it's fantastic.": 1, "people freak out, but really it's just like putting some thai peanut sauce on some meat, but better. smoky, sweet, salty, boom.": 4, 'try peanut butter, bacon, and pepper jelly on a hot dog! one of our local food trucks does it and it’s amazing!!': 2, 'i think i had this, but also with deep fried banana. it was very tasty!\n\ni can also recommend crispy bacon, peanut butter and chilli jam mayo in a sandwich. particularly if you warm it all up 😋': 2, "i was definitely skeptical the first time i tried it but now it's my go to.": 4, 'i put peanut butter, salsa and pickles on top of veggie burgers.': 1, 'griddled peanut butter sandwich dipped in chili is my go to. or saltines and peanut butter with chili.': 1, 'similarly, i once had someone swear by peanut butter on a hot dog. i was definitely converted.\n\nnuttiness really works with the salty/savory. bonus texture for chunky fans.': 1, 'peanut butter burgers are my favorite. soooo yummy': 1, 'i grew up eating this combo!': 1, "it's banging! aj bombers in madison is where i first had it!": 1, "i've found satay sauce to work really well on chicken burgers especially.": 1, "oh yeah it's ace.\n\n---\n# chicken burger with satay sauce and sauteed sprouts\n\nfeeds 4\n\nshredding sprouts takes ages. heads up.\n\n## ingredients\n\n### burgaz\n\n- 4 chicken breasts fillets\n- 300g brussels sprouts, shredded\n- 4 brioche burger buns\n\n### sauce\n\n- 200g crunchy peanut butter\n- ½ red chilli\n- 1tbsp soft brown sugar\n- 1tbsp soy or tamari sauce\n- 160ml coconut cream\n- 1 lime, zest and juice\n- 28g coriander (cilantro?)\n\n### extras\n\n- 2 slices streaky bacon\n- 4tbsp fig chutney\n- avocado slices\n- cheddar cheese slices\n\n## method\n\npreheat oven to 180°c fan.\n\ndrizzle olive oil on chicken breasts and season. place onto baking tray and cook for 20-25 minutes.\n\nmeanwhile, blitz the sauce ingredients in a food processor.\n\nin a skillet, heat some oil on high ish heat. saute the sprouts for like 3 minutes and season. they should be brownish.\n\ngrill/fry the bacon until crispy if using. set aside.\n\ntoast the burger buns.\n\nbuild the burgers when the chicken is done, should look like this:\n\n---\n\ntop bun  \nbacon (optional)  \navocado slices (optional)  \nsatay sauce  \ncheese slice (optional)  \nchicken  \nsprouts  \nfig chutney (optional)  \nbottom bun\n\n---\n\nmaybe use a skewer to hold it together...!": 2, 'i first tried peanut butter on a burger at a cocktail bar in san francisco called 15 romolo about 10 years ago and it ranks as one of the best burgers i’ve ever had (prob top ten). had lettuce, cheese, and spicy pickles. i still think about that burger.': 1, 'add bacon and you have yourself “the fat elvis”': 1, 'pb, soy sauce, udon noodles. easy comfort food.': 1, 'sesame oil mixed in ice cream. strange but amazing. i liked it the more i ate it.': 103, 'you should try black sesame ice cream. so good.': 83, 'i had lemon olive oil ice cream recently and it amazing': 14, 'ok i am soooo intrigued by this.': 24, 'olive oil with vanilla ice cream': 4, "you should try some flavored balsamic vinegars on vanilla ice cream if you haven't already, like raspberry or orange": 1, 'not too surprising to me. i used to work at an ice cream shop that had black sesame ice cream and it was pretty good': 15, "i could bathe in sesame oil. every time i use it i make sure to spill a little on my hands and rub in so i can smell it longer! i'm going to try this... any specific flavor of ice cream you'd recommend?": 15, 'vanilla or cherry almond.': 2, 'tried it last night on some talenti madagascan vanilla bean gelato.... my god! so good! thanks friend!': 2, 'yay! glad to pass on a tasty treat ☺️': 1, 'you probably mean the toasted kind, but the raw stuff is actually a classical ayurvedic treatment. they recommend putting it everywhere, including snorting a few drops for good eye health. \n\n https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/diet/improve-vision-with-sesame-seeds/articleshow/54031059.cms#:~:text=sesame%20oil%20can%20also%20be,vision%20and%20tired%2c%20dry%20eyes.': 1, 'definitely gonna try this': 5, 'a few years ago i made a honey-sesame ice cream with a sesame brittle. it was awesome!': 7, 'my mom used to make sesame brittle, such a good thing you never see anymore.': 1, "definitely try vanilla ice cream with pumpkin seed oil!\nit's a modern classic in my country.": 2, 'what flavor of ice cream?': 3, 'it was cherry almond': 11, 'any flavor of ice cream?': 1, 'it would work with vanilla or maybe get adventurous and try other flavors. mine was cherry almond': 2, 'roasted or unroasted sesame oil?': 1, 'just pure sesame oil. toasted would be good too!': 2, 'ottolenghi\'s cookbooks combine spices and items not necessarily weirdly but in surprising combinations.  i have plenty more and 2 recipes  i enjoyed are: feta/ mint/ creme fraiche topping a harissa-spiced bean soup (both cool and hot) and  his sage/ walnuts/ parmesan pasta. plenty and plenty more are both vegetarian cookbooks but even the meat eaters in my family love them. \n\n[https://www.foodrepublic.com/recipes/ottolenghi-style-tagliatelle-with-walnuts-recipe/](https://www.foodrepublic.com/recipes/ottolenghi-style-tagliatelle-with-walnuts-recipe/)\n\nif you ever want to impress people with unique tasty food that isn\'t too difficult, ottolenghi is excellent. when i cook using his recipes, i often wonder "did i just make that?" tastes like it came from a high-end restaurant.\n\noccasionally jaime oliver recipes are in this same realm: jool\'s pasta i love. it uses balsamic vinegar, fennel seeds, green onions, carrots, celery, and red pepper flakes for a surprisingly good pasta sausage sauce.\n\n[https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/pasta-recipes/pregnant-jools-pasta/](https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/pasta-recipes/pregnant-jools-pasta/)\n\n( i\'ve been reading cookbooks and cooking since i was 7. most recipes i come across - while good - are pretty predictable in the ingredients they combine. then there are the ones which use overly exotic, expensive ingredients and the taste is not equal to the effort. so i try to find my happy medium.)': 101, 'flavor is a great (new-ish) book of his with ixta belfrage and it’s amazing. she brings a lot of spice and creativity on top of his amazing combinations. (also all vegetarian recipes)': 19, "flavor opened my eyes to a whole new culinary world! i'd never really cooked vegetarian before buying the book on a whim. now it's one of my go-to cookbooks. my husband regularly requests the spicy roasted potatoes with tahini and rose harissa. such a tasty combination!": 12, 'just added to my amazon cart': 2, "cool! i didn't know he had another book out. will check it out (literally) from the library and try a few recipes first.": 2, 'i love yotam’s combinations, i have simple, plenty and more.': 8, 'you might also enjoy the flavour thesaurus by nikki segnit - it is a joy to read.': 3, 'in the vein of jool’s pasta: add some fresh ginger and lemon next time you make a tomato based pasta sauce. it’s surprising and delicious!': 2, "we get fresh lemons in large quantities from my brother's girlfriend's trees so we will have to try that.": 2, 'thank you this is so useful!': 1, 'blue cheese and honey.': 141, '... on top of grilled fresh fig halves!': 39, "my god, now we're talking!": 9, 'i can’t stand blue cheese, but i did have bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates and they were amazing.': 1, 'the classic combo with bacon & scallop.': 44, 'like a sea scallop?': 1, 'yes.\n\nwait, are there other kinds of scallops?': 5, 'potatoes off the top of my head.': 1, 'those are scalloped, heh': 6, 'lol the more you know 🥲👍 thanks': 1, 'bay scallops\n\nargopecten irradians, formerly classified as aequipecten irradians, common names atlantic bay scallop or bay scallop, is a marine bivalve mollusk in the family pectinidae, a species of scallop. an edible saltwater clam, it is native to the northwest atlantic from cape cod to the gulf of mexico.\xa0wikipedia': 0, 'you just reminded me of an event where they were serving a spoon with some goat cheese, a walnut and honey on top (amongst other bite size appetizers). the combination was absolutely delish.': 37, 'i had a version of this at a wedding. it was a fairly large honeycomb covered in goat cheese with chopped walnuts on top. my, it was heavenly.': 19, 'i make a salad with goat cheese, spinach, baked beets, walnuts caramelized in honey and a bit of salt, and a little bit of lemon squeezed over it - it’s *delicious*. or just making caramelized walnuts as a snack.': 10, 'this is a super common pizza option in france and it’s gooood.': 2, 'i bet that would be great as a veggie or cracker dip.': 2, '...and a dash of cinnamon. trust me on this one.': 6, 'sounds excellent!': 1, 'goatcheese with wild blueberries and cinnamon, drizzle of honey. black pepper crackers. mint tea to drink. delightful.': 1, "i went to this fine dining restaurant with an ever changing menu and they had these flourless brownies with blue cheese crumbles on top listed under the dessert section. thought it sounded weird as hell but my dining partner insisted on getting them. it ended up being fucking amazing, i can't describe the combination but it just worked so well together": 4, 'wow! totally original!': 1, 'oh gosh yes. i had a cheese platter with fresh honeycomb in new zealand a few years ago.': 3, 'amazing!': 1, 'related: honey with the crust of your deep-dish pizza.': 2, 'interesting!': 1, 'a strong cheese, (garlic)honey and zathar seasoning. perfection. topped with a sprinkle of good salt and pepper': 2, 'til: what zathar seasoning is.': 3, "it's a game changer, it's amazing. especially with everything vegetables. i love it with cucumber salad.": 3, "i've eaten in middle eastern restaurants very often so i probably like the taste already. :) i'll look for it next time i go shopping. thanks!": 3, "you're welcome!": 2, 'yummy!': 1, "i made a cast iron pizza once with blue cheese, honey, fig jam, prosciutto, caramelized onions, and topped it with arugula after baking and it is one of the best things i've ever eaten.": 2, 'you have an incredibly creative imagination! kudos!': 1, 'i do this as a snack when i don’t want to cook. blue cheese with honey (mixed with carolina reaper powder and some crackers and a glass of wine.\nspicy, creamy, sweet, crunchy flavor bomb!': 2, 'delicious!': 1, "took me a second to realize you weren't talking about blue cheese dressing": 1, "maybe that'll work.": 1, 'balsamic vinegar + vanilla ice cream': 52, 'or chocolate ice cream. with some unsalted pistachios.': 6, 'heck even salted sound good': 1, "try strawberry balsamic reduction, you won't regret it": 3, "don't forget to add some black pepper as well!": 2, 'olive oil + vanilla ice cream': 2, "soo much better than chocolate syrup. nice aged balsamic is so sweet and syrupy, but with that perfect vinegar tang. i have a fig balsamic that's amazing with vanilla. love it.": 1, 'i also make a spinach, watermelon and feta salad that has raised some eyebrows, but also delighted tastebuds. balsamic dressing to go with it.': 89, 'great one, watermelon and feta is my favorite base for a summer salad! a couple times a year when i’m feeling fancy i compress the watermelon with a sour beer. the depth of flavor is amazing.': 17, "how do you compress the watermelon? i just recently got a vacuum sealer and attempted this but it didn't actually compress the watermelon...": 2, 'i basically use the method [in this recipe.](https://cookingontheweekends.com/compressed-watermelon-salad-with-creamy-lemon-lime-avocado/) the only changes are that i always cut the watermelon into cubes, and i add enough sour beer to submerge each cube like a fourth of the way before sealing the bag. i know this recipe talks about using ziplock bags, but a vacuum sealer would work fine and just make the job easier.': 2, 'that sounds like fun! gonna have to try that out!': 1, 'yesss we have ours with watermelon, feta, olives and mint, with some lime juice - haven’t tried with spinach': 7, 'my go to is arugula, watermelon, and feta with a white wine vinegrette and either basil or mint or both.': 3, 'throw in some tomatoes next time too! you will not be disappointed': 2, 'a nice thick slice of tomato (preferably fresh from the garden), a scoop of cottage cheese, a sprinkle of salt and pepper and a dash of worcestershire sauce': 198, 'cottage cheese with sliced strawberries, salt, and pepper is my go to': 22, "salt and pepper on tomatoes is awesome. cottage cheese is just a kind of thick curd ricotta, really, worcestershire is a different spin, but i could see it working in the same vein as a balsamic vinegar. \n\nif you can find a nice aromatic green that fills the basil niche that works well with worcestershire, that's an american caprese, tbh. honestly, you could probably just use basil.": 20, "oregano.  i do this with ricotta or feta and instead of cottage cheese but there's not much difference really.": 3, "fried basil will push it to 'murica levels": 0, 'that sounds so funky, but now i want to try it!': 38, 'this sounds delicious but not in any way weird. all those things seem to naturally go together quite well, including in different recipes.': 8, 'swedish meatballs with grape jelly and chili powder.  oddly amazeballs.': 27, 'this isn’t super weird, swedish meatballs are traditionally served with lingonberry jam.': 28, 'my friend gave me this same recipe but i make it with heinz chili sauce too': 7, 'swedish meatballs with cranberry sauce, yo. the tang is really nice. chili powder is basically spicy paprika so that sounds awesome to me, tbh.': 5, 'traditional serving comes with lingonberry jam. close to cranberries.': 1, 'specifically swedish meatballs? like with allspice and whatnot?': 2, 'yup, tasty with a hint of wtf… have people try it and make them guess the sauce.': 1, 'i have a +1 to this: cranberry sauce, lemon juice, brown sugar and chili sauce. not quite as sweet as grape jam and makes an amazing sauce.': 1, 'this is the top post for "weird foods" and i\'m sitting here thinking this is the most white person\'s food i\'ve seen in this thread.': 4, 'see also : this exact thing but sub worcesterbsjriehhs sauce for balsamic vinegar': 2, 'similar. my sil adds worcestershire to cottage cheese simply as a condiment. \n\ni also have a great dip recipe involving cottage cheese, worcestershire, sour cream, shredded monterey jack, onion soup mix, green onions, and jalapeños that is fantastic…': 2, 'nothing about this seems like a weird combination to me? kinda just sounds like a shortcut caprese': 2, 'interesting. i was just (jokingly) giving someone shot for eating tomatoes and cottage cheese the other day.': 5, 'italian food combines tomatoes and cheese all the time.': 10, 'cottage cheese and raw tomatoes aren’t quite the same though imho.': -1, 'caprese salad?': 13, 'i love it. but fresh mozzarella doesn’t have the same sour taste that cottage cheese does to me.': 1, "it was a diet thing in the 70's. like grapefruit, tab, fresca, and preludin.": 2, 'interesting. i might try it with some balsamic reduction and basil or something.': 3, 'along similar lines, tomato and cream cheese go great together. i always add a slice of tomato to my bagels. good on toasted bread too.': 3, 'i add a slice of pastrami to my bagels w/cream cheese. \n\ndo recommend.': 1, 'my mom did this all the time. it must be a depression era thing because she said her mom got her trying it.': 1, 'growing up in pa in the 80s, a common dish at get-togethers was think slices of tomato slathered in miracle whip. better than it sounds, makes me want to try your rendition!': 1, 'this but with creamed corn instead of cottage cheese.': 1, "my grandmother used to eat that as a snack when i was a kid.  it's really good!": 1, 'also a cherry, a piece of cheese, and a piece of pineapple in that order': 1, 'that sounds like an awesome combo, imo... i gotta try that shit.': 1, "that combo does not sound weird to me in the least!  i've never had it, but it sounds very refreshing.": 17, 'grilled cheese with raspberry jam to dip it in...': 43, "poor man's monte crisco.": 34, 'not sure what kind of cheese you’re using, but we like to do the same thing with a jalapeño havarti cheese': 2, 'dude hellll yeah, i make grilled cheese with raspberry jam shmeared on the inside of the bread. combination of cheeses if i have some different kinds, and a lil tomato soup for dipping = heavennnn': 2, 'what kind of cheese do you recommend for that?': 2, "i'd say any kind but then i just love cheese. the brewery where i first tried the combo used some kind of white cheese but it was awhile ago so i don't really remember. i've used cheddar with good results!": 2, 'caramelized onions work well in that mix too.': 1, 'watermelon also works great with mint and feta\n\n&#x200b;\n\ntuna, tomato, and cinnamon makes a great pasta sauce\n\n&#x200b;\n\nsmoked herring with a curry mango sauce': 31, 'i have a can of smoked herring with curry mango sauce downstairs, they sell them at aldi with the sardines': 1, 'i had watermelon with feta and balsamic glaze a few months ago and it was pretty tasty too.': 1, 'is it hot or cold??': 9, 'some homemade green salsa on top of some cream cheese. when you dip your tortilla chip get a little chunk of the cream cheese on there and salsa all over it. it’s delish.': 63, 'jalapeno jelly warmed up and poured over cubed cream cheese. dip ritz in. amazing.': 41, 'i didn’t know this was weird😂 my family has always done this': 9, 'its definitely not weird. its the preferred way to eat jalapeno jelly, tbh. jj, cream cheese, crackers = classic.': 10, 'that reminds me of an appetizer my cousin always brings to parties! similar to your combo, there is a base layer of cream cheese, covered in onion jam. that is pretty tasty.': 12, "any sort of good salsa is really good this way. get one that's got more spice to it, and it's really amazing. for a long time, it was the only way i'd eat salsa.": 1, 'add a bit of knorr chicken stock powder to it and mix together. makes a great dip for mexican food, or as a filling in burritos.': 1, 'trader joes has delicious hot & sweet jalapeños   they’re amazing in a wheat thin with cream cheese!': 1, 'people who have heard of it may not think its weird but when i first saw it i had never heard of it before. baked bacon wrapped dates. so good too.': 12, 'yes and if you shove a little piece of bleu cheese in the date first, then wrap it in bacon and bake them, yum.': 8, 'i despise bleu cheese, but i love goat cheese stuffed bacon wrapped dates.': 4, 'i stuff pistachios in mine': 2, "i'll try that!": 1, 'i don’t like blue cheese, but i liked those.': 1, 'prosciutto wrapped dates stuffed with goat cheese are insanely good. no food has any business tasting that good': 2, "jalapeño infused strawberry lemonade, it's sooo good.\n\nyou cut the jalapeño in 4, remove the seeds and cut the strawberries in half, put them both in a liter of water for about 30-45min, then remove the jalapeño, add sugar and lemon juice and blend. it's such a nice subtle spicy level perfect for summer.": 11, 'i’ve recently found shrubs. i might have to try jalapeño in strawberry shrubs.': 2, 'sausage and grapes. i made this recipe for roasted sweet italian sausage and grapes (also roasted). i think there was red wine too, maybe some balsamic. anyway, it was delicious, i should find that recipe and make it again.': 33, 'send it my way if you do!!': 4, 'this one looks right: https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/roasted-sausages-and-grapes-recipe-1924696': 7, "not to wild, since grilled peaches and sausage is a thing too. then again, i've run into people that look at me strange when i've talked about the grilled peaches.": 1, 'sharp white cheddar mac and cheese, with a sprinkling of nutmeg and cinnamon.': 59, 'bechamel and nutmeg is a combo that goes a looong way back.  super classic combo. staple, even.': 50, 'bechamel with nutmeg and cayenne is god tier': 10, "a dash of nutmeg in savory things is so underrated. my dad grew up doing some freshly grated nutmeg on chicken noodle soup, which was my first introduction to the spice. i don't currently do it, but it is good.  \n\ni swear the anchor bar in buffalo ny (og creator of chicken wings but not the place you should go if you're ever in buffalo,) has a dash of nutmeg in their blue cheese. that and some worcestershire sauce and those make a great dip.  \n\nif anyone else remembers the former seasoned salt from trader joe's that they no longer make... it had a lil bit o' nutmeg in it, and i swear that made it special. it was well balanced. \n\nnutmeg isn't as potent as say cloves are, but with a careful hand, nutmeg can be a lovely addition to a lot of things. and i didn't even mention jerk seasoning!": 33, 'nutmeg goes great with a lot of green vegetables. broccoli, spinach, cauliflower, green beans etc. its nearly the only reason i have it in my cupboard.': 7, "i've always added a dash of nutmeg to my mashed potatoes. it's so good!": 1, 'add a little to your french toast batter. next level.': 1, 'on cocoa. on coffee. in earl gray tea. delightful.': 1, 'i hate ranch dressing in pretty much all circumstances, but my grandma used to put just a little bit in my bowl of kraft mac and cheese with a little fresh cracked pepper and stirred well. it adds a bit of tanginess and it’s amazing. i still do it, it the only reason i have ranch in my house.': 2, 'just use ranch powder': 2, 'as a kid my grandmother used to make my cousin and i a bowl of frosted flakes with dollops of cheeze whiz (yes with milk) and here i am 40 years later and still eat it till’ this date.': 61, 'ok, enough internet for one day.': 116, 'yeah it’s not an easy pill to swallow.': 18, 'this is probably the only actual weird combination in this thread lolol': 35, 'for real. everything is just normal. especially the swedish meatballs and jam lol': 3, 'my mother and grandfather used to eat herring in tomato sauce on a buttered kaiser roll dunked in hot tea.   even as a kid i couldn’t sit at the table when they had this.': 0, 'controversial was the right place to go.': 22, 'how many and how big of "dollops" are you talking? little pea sized? grape sized? ....orange sized?\n\ni sometimes buy that portqine cheese that\'s covered in almond slivers, which i usually put on crackers. adding a glass of milk on the side doesn\'t seem gross. but your cereal... sounds gross but i kind of want to try it.': 13, 'let’s say maybe grape sized?  as far as how many it’s up to personal taste to be honest. me a personally i’ll drop like five and if i need more i’ll grab another spoon and drop some more.': 1, 'any particular brand of canned cheese taste the best for you?': 0, 'not canned cheese. actual jarred cheez whiz. the one with the red label.  i get that question about being canned a lot.': 1, 'i mean aerosol can.....': 1, 'gotcha but still it’s in a glass jar.': 2, "i have never seen that kind... but... nope i can't get down with the drippy cheese on cereal. gross. that's all you lol": 2, 'trust me i’ll take it all day long!👍': 2, 'this is the first combination that i would actually call weird.': 3, 'ha ha ha ha!': 2, 'your gma was aces!': 1, 'strawberries romanoff - strawberries, brown sugar and sour cream. this is so delicious and there are tons of recipe variations online.': 10, 'do you eat it plain?': 1, "my old man used to get french bread and have it with gouda and jam. haven't had it in a long time but i remember it being delicious. not sure if this is uncommon but i've never seen it before.": 17, 'try it with brie and fig jam, so delish.': 18, 'pepper jelly and gouda’s yummm. so many combos. cheese and jam/honey is a pretty classic combo. not weird at all. i’ve never seen a charcuterie without a sweet element.': 5, 'pepper jelly and goat cheese.': 2, 'reminds me back when i was a kid and my cousins would dip mozzarella sticks into homemade raspberry jam!': 1, 'tomato paste cooked in coconut cream to make a thick savoury yet sweet sauce to serve over pasta or vegetables.': 16, 'this is basically what i make for my toddler when i make a thai curry for us - just mix a bit of coconut cream and diced tomatoes with the same veg i put in our curry. basically a sweet, creamy version without the spices.': 4, "i'll try this with the spices!": 1, 'try fresh cold cucumber with honey and a glass of ice water on a hot day, thank me later': 40, 'that sounds so refreshing… i also want to put tajin on it too.': 27, 'peanut butter bacon burger topped with a fried egg': 7, 'those are so good. one of the best ways to eat a burger.': 1, 'fried cheese curds and caramel': 8, 'with fish sauce caramel...': 1, 'pickled herring salad with beets and apples.': 15, 'i don’t know that i’ve ever had pickled herring, but i love beets and apples together.': 7, 'herring under a fur coat?': 1, 'just add a topping of shredded mushrooms or sprouts. ;-)': 1, 'my dad would love this. thanks for sharing!': 1, 'a thicker slice of cheddar cheese on top of a piece of apple pie': 16, 'my grandma used to always say, “apple pie without some cheese is like a kiss without a squeeze!” 🤣': 16, 'your grandma sounds like a fun gal to hang out with 😂': 9, 'she sounds like she gives the best hugs.': 5, 'nice! my grandma used to always eat her apple pie this way.': 5, 'extra sharp white cheddar. the sharper the better!': 2, 'ooooo... this sounds perfect...': 2, 'bagel, apple slices, cheese, sprinkle of cinnamon, throw it under the broiler!! quick delicious snack!': 2, 'cat rice- steamed rice sprinkled with dried bonito flake and a splash of soy sauce': 20, 'i thought you were going to say steamed rice sprinkled with cat. glad you didn’t.': 13, "oh no, i'm no luka magnotta cat killer, noooo waaay.\n\nthe bonito flakes are actually pretty cool to watch. when you plop a small pile of those dried flakes onto a mound of steaming hot rice, the flakes start curling and contracting so they look like some kind of alien critters crawling and writhing around. mwahaa": 7, 'i don’t know if that helps or makes it worse.': 2, 'mwahaaa': 1, 'we should not have eaten kitten meat': 2, 'i thought it sounded like rice mixed with cat kibble.': 1, 'wins weirdest combo. 😳': 1, 'why is it called cat rice?': 2, 'i think because some people use bonito as a cat treat': 4, 'i think people put bonito flakes on cat food? i could be wrong': 1, 'tuna fish sandwich with pepperoni': 15, 'so like tuna salad sandwich? and just add pepperonis?': 2, "yup. it's good.": 1, 'i will have to try! thanks!': 2, 'whaaaaat': 1, 'yup it works. i was working at subway and this guy came in ordered it and bam. i had to make one and try it.': 1, 'and tuna with bacon… also learned of this combo when i worked at subway. thought it was super weird when someone ordered it until i tried it. just tuna, bacon, pickles and olives was bomb.': 2, 'cream cheese with chilli (version with beans)\n\nit was incredibly weird but we all liked it': 6, 'sour cream or cottage cheese works very well in chili too': 2, 'i just got finished eating this. so good!': 1, 'this was a play on a grilled cheese sandwich i was served and was the best thing i have ever eaten.\n\ntwo slices of pound cake was the "bread" for the grilled cheese sandwich.  the cheese inside was brie.  ths was grilled to get the bread warm and cheese melted a little.  but then they brushed raspberry jam on two sides of the grilled sandwich and dipped those jammed sides into fruity pebbles cereal.  sliced in half and served.   absolutely weird and amazingly good.': 7, 'my grandma used to serve vanilla ice cream with dollops of peanut butter.': 56, 'honestly that doesn’t sound too weird': 111, "not weird at all, peanut butter sauce is definitely a common topping and you've also got peanut butter or peanut butter chocolate ice cream, reese's blizzards, etc.": 6, 'they’re making pb&j ice cream now.': 1, 'vanilla ice cream with olive oil and flaky salt has been my favorite thing lately.': 26, 'soft-serve vanilla ice cream (from a machine) on saltine crackers.': 9, "i'm trying to think of what restaurant would make this combination easiest. wendy's has chili and therefore crackers, but they have frosties instead of soft serve. like, i don't think you can get a sundae at wendy's.\n\nmcdonald's and bk has ice cream, but no reason to stock crackers.\n\ndairy queen has chili dogs, but not chili in a bowl, so again, no crackers.\n\nmaybe culvers?": 1, 'you’re over thinking it. grab a pack of zesta crackers and hit mcd’s drive thru to find out the soft serve is broken. then swing by dq': 7, "jason's deli would work really well. they have crackers for a variety of soups and some in their salad bar. and you get unlimited soft serve.": 4, 'exactly what i was thinking too 😂 i used to go with my grandma to jason’s deli and we would try to sneak as much stuff for free as possible. brings back memories': 1, 'yes!!!!': 2, 'delightful. tried an artisan small batch olive oil vanilla ice cream recently that hit all the right notes. malden salt on top.': 1, "it seems crazy, but doing this is actually the best way i've found to discern the quality of olive oil. for some reason, i feel like the flavor notes are easier for me to pick out when it's cold and contrasted against something sweet.": 2, 'my coworker puts a big dollop of pb in a bowl and puts in the microwave for like 10 or 15 sec and then scoops vanilla ice cream on top. life changing.': 37, 'wait. this isn’t weird. right? right everyone?': 34, 'yeah peanut butter on ice cream is pretty common': 23, 'call me a freak, but i like to add chocolate syrup too! \n\nlol, yeah, that seems pretty tame. idk if i’ve ever done it but putting reece’s candy or syrups on is pretty common.': 12, 'common in my house was vanilla ice cream, peanut butter, and ovaltine powder sprinkled over the top. so good': 4, 'if you want a real bold combo try for whipped cream and sprinkles': 2, 'oh, you animal!': 1, 'we did this as kids! a sprinkle if cinnamon and sugar really adds to it as well.': 14, "a truly surprising combo is vanilla ice cream with raspberry balsamic vinaigrette! it's tart and sweet and vanilla-y! i'm gonna try blueberry balsamic vinaigrette and apricot balsamic vinaigrette too!": 9, 'you can just do balsamic as a sub for chocolate. use the higher quality balsamic.': 3, 'my mom made ice cream this way for is as kids, balsamic glaze. healthier than caramel but so delicious.': 2, 'melted peanut butter drizzled on strawberry ice cream is delicious!': 3, 'heat the peanut butter in the microwave, then pour it on the ice cream. next level of deliciousness!': 2, 'i once had a waffle with peanut butter, vanilla\nice cream and chocolate syrup. it was awesome.': 4, "vanilla ice cream with balsamic vinegar instead of chocolate is quite choice if it's a good balsamic.": 1, 'my husband loves vanilla ice cream with sorghum molasses. not really my thing but i get it - he bitterness and depth of the molasses with the sweet cream.': 1, 'if you think that’s crazy you should try:\n\nthin sliced strawberries \n\nmedium drizzle of quality balsamic vinegar \n\na good pinch of kosher salt\n\nribbon cut basil \n\nmix in a bowl and let macerate for a half hour to an hour. serve on thin sliced baguette. \n\nenjoy you animals': 13, 'ribbon cut, aka chiffonade.': 3, 'oh you fancy! i owe you ¢25 for that!': 2, 'had this combo at a fancy restaurant in the early 2000s. delightful.': 2, 'this is a lovely thread!': 13, 'spam and blue box mac and cheese… don’t judge.': 29, 'i mean that’s basically hot dogs and mac and cheese, i can see that working': 39, 'hot dogs and kraft mac are a thing?': 11, 'most definitely. staple growing up, for me anyways.': 42, "me too but i fucking hated it. don't taint good mac.": 1, 'yeah its a very common dish i think it the midwest and canada?': 11, "i'm in quebec and grew up eating all the time. i still make it once in a while, but now i like it with some spicy mustard instead of the butter/margarine and a little sriracha on top.": 3, 'or generally broke people.': 1, "it's funny, i was from a poor family and was first served it by my wealthy friends family, and i loved it": 2, 'damn, i felt like we were ballin when the velveeta shells appeared.': 1, 'idk man. spam is pretty pricey.': 1, 'i wasn’t broke growing up, i ate it a lot. sometimes parents just need a quick easy meal, regardless of economic status.': 1, "well we were, that's why i said what i said.": 1, "heck yeah! this was my most requested 'kid' food growing up. was craving it recently but didn't have hot dogs. found spam was a similar addition": 9, 'turkey bacon mac n cheese! yum': 1, "we always used canned tuna.  then my cousin's wife showed me to use hot mac and cheese with cold tuna salad and  extra chopped sweet pickles.  it is so good!": 1, 'i approve, they have to dice the spam small tho (and cook the spam... some of you crazy people eat it raw)': 1, 'best burger i ever had was a bacon cheeseburger with horseradish sauce and potato chips.': 14, 'a local fast food place used to have horseradish to eat with fries and it was as fucking grandiose as it was delicious.': 9, 'i love horseradish! we have the plain sauce, abd horseradish mustard.': 4, 'burgers with potato chips on top of the meat. so good.': 1, 'peanut butter pizza. this place in oakland, spettro’s, was famous for it. regular crust, peanut butter instead of tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and bacon. it was incredible. it just worked. beautifully. people ordered it for the novelty and loved it so much they came back for it again and again. i was among those people.': 11, "there's a place in new haven, ct that has a peanut butter sauce, cheese, candied walnut and bacon with raspberry drizzle that i dream about weekly!": 2, 'i would totally try that': 1, 'heathens good lord': 1, 'you say that, but you’d be singing its praises if you tried it.': 1, "stayed the night at a friend's once and in the morning his dad made biscuits and chocolate. like biscuits and gravy, but with a homemade chocolate sauce. and butter. i ate my first one with just butter then decided to try it with chocolate and damn.\n\nnot as weird as many here but it surprised me": 9, 'ha! i spent the night at a girlfriend’s house and she asked if i’d ever had chocolate gravy. i’d never even heard of it. her family was from oklahoma.': 2, "coronation chicken. grapes just seem like such a weird thing to put in what's essentially chicken salad, but it really works beautifully.": 6, 'i didn’t realize there was a name for it. i’ve referred to it as chicken salad with grapes.': 1, 'the first time i had watermelon with vinegar was amazing, similar to your combo with lemon': 5, 'i haven\'t read all the posts (547 as i write this) but i have read about a third. what strikes me is that most of the "weird" food combinations are not weird at all. they are entirely consistent balance in flavor profiles. cite: "on food and cooking" by harold mcgee. \n\nexcept peanut butter on hamburger. that\'s just weird.': 5, 'did you not see the first comment about frosted flakes and cheez whiz? that one is weird.': 8, "that wasn't first for me, but i agree that qualifies as weird. what is really disturbing is that someone thinks it's a good idea.": 2, 'the flavor bible is a good book as well in regards to flavor pairings': 1, "i've flipped through that a few times but never bought it. not at my library. certainly reviews are good, but doesn't make my list because i can't personally attest to it.": 1, 'i see. i asked for it a christmas gift a few years ago. i always find myself grabbing it when i need some inspiration for using an ingredient.': 1, 'ah. the refrigerator-scrapping book. \\*grin\\* we all have our own sources of inspiration when faced with stuff fading in the refrigerator that needs to be used.': 1, 'yep. whatever helps do the job!': 1, "1. buttery popcorn & reese's cups. 2.  doritos & mayonnaise.": 15, 'buttered popcorn and reese’s pieces have always been my go to movie theater food!': 3, 'hot cheetos and aioli are pretty good.': 4, 'just ate a coffee-brined hard-boiled egg for the first time this week. think the soy/mirin-brined eggs you get with ramen, but with coffee instead. totally new to me, but freaking amazing.': 8, 'i made kimchi hard boiled eggs last night for my husband.': 1, 'the pb, bacon, cheeseburger i ordered at the now defunct "yo mama\'s" in the quarter is, hands down, the best freakin\' thing i\'ve ever eaten.': 8, 'have you ever had a peanut butter, bacon and banana sandwich? it’s crazy good.': 7, 'so, an elvis?': 2, 'no. i have not. peanut butter and banana, yes. with bacon, no. not attempting this combo is a travesty waiting to be rectified...thank you!': 3, 'we used to make grilled peanut butter sandwiches when i was a kid. i bet a grilled peanut butter, banana and bacon would also be amazing.': 3, 'fantastic idea! i am now working out the ratio and temps of pb, banana & bacon that would reach peak flavor and texture in correct/optimum grill time.': 3, 'or peanut butter and cheddar.': 1, 'no, but i make a mean toasted sandwich that includes those ingredients. \n\none piece of toast is covered in jam/jelly, one piece is covered in peanut butter. add a bunch of fried bacon to one side. add a bunch of caramelized banana to the other.  add cheese to both sides then melt it under the grill and put it together. \n\nthen eat it.': 1, 'a friends: banana, maple bacon, peanut butter, hot-sauce sandwich. \n\ndeep fried in batter. \n\nit tastes exactly as you imagine and costs you slightly more years off your life than you thought you had left.': 1, 'damn op, i was scrolling through to see if anyone else had posted this, cuz i was going to blow your mind, but apparently my dad also made this for you before your early morning soccer games.': 1, 'pb&j smash burger': 2, 'vanilla ice cream with soy sauce': 4, 'nop': 1, 'ruffles potato chips, dip them in strawberry cream cheese like it was chip dip. the salty sweet combo is good, but for some reason this is just a snack worth trying despite its weirdness.': 4, 'i put mayo on my meatball subs. it cuts the acidity (? might not be the right word) of the tomato sauce and makes it creamier/gives it a fuller flavor. everybody thinks i\'m insane, and the very italian mother of one of my close friends regards me as having "lost my way" in the same way you might talk about someone leaving your religion, but it\'s so good that i don\'t care.': 4, "i've been putting mayo on my meatball subs for years. i tried it in a subway when i was in middle school and it just had to be that way. mayo, and black olives.": 1, 'pickled eggs and from-scratch peanut butter on a pickle plate. it was insane good!': 7, "in a similar vein, peanut butter and pickled jalapenos on a sandwich. people always think it's weird but they go so well together.": 2, 'eh, not what i’ve tried but i woke up in the middle of the night a few days ago thinking i should try making a peanut butter pot roast with jelly gravy. i went back to bed shortly after and when i woke up again the first words out of my mouth were “what in the actual hell”. so yeah, that’s that. 😂': 7, 'i wrote a menu for work one time that was a play on kids food, but elevated for a gala. we did a pbj short rib banh mi. it was blackberry braised short rib, carrot/daikon/radish slaw, and a honey roasted peanut sauce.\n\nyour dream food is not such a crazy idea when you execute it properly! a lot of my favorite food ideas have come from dreams! like sweet corn ice cream!\n\nedit: spelling mistake': 11, 'i can actually see the former working. berries and roast meat pair well, even if i am hesitant about the other ingredients.\n\nthe latter? no. nonono. \n\nwell. possibly. hmmmm': 2, 'i’m glad you didn’t end up making that, i’ve got to be honest.': 3, "cantaloupe and cottage cheese.\n\nthis isn't too crazy, but not enough people add fruit to their charcuterie boards. salami, aged cheddar, and apples are great.  stinky white cheeses with pears.  all so good. \n\nand, if you hate your heart, go ahead and take the seed out of an avocado, add cream cheese where the seed used to be, and then sprinkle some salt and hot sauce all over.  amazing.": 14, 'salami, cheddar and apples is my favorite grilled cheese to make. but cottage cheese and cantaloupe is interesting!': 5, 'i love apple pears with my charcuterie': 1, "ritz cracker, cheez whiz, a litttle nutella. or chocolate hagelslag if you don't have nutella. it's sweet and salty and nutty, and delicious. sharp cheese and chocolate together is a common dessert pairing in indonesian cuisine so this is a dollar store version of that flavor profile lol. seriously though, its addictive.": 6, 'i’ve dipped ruffles potato chips in nutella, it’s also really good!': 2, "sweet and salty just can't be beat": 1, 'dude, i do this with cheez its and nutella haha. lovely combo': 2, "peanut butter and cheese sandwiches. so good. can't be kraft slices tho, gotta use real cheese": 3, 'peanut butter and hard cheddar on saltines was an after school snack.': 1, 'salami with peanut butter and green olives.': 3, "honestly not a lot of these replies are actually weird. if you really want weird, try banana with pesto. it's actually very tasty!": 3, "cucumber with peanut sauce. at a bbq someone put some peanut sauce on their plate and dipped a slice of cucumber in it. i was younger and never saw anyone do it. i tried it, and now years later i eat it all the time. it's delicious!": 3, 'make chicken satay skewers and stick cucumber slices in between the chicken. then dunk into the peanut dipping sauce... heaven!': 1, 'this reminded me of a restaurant i ate at in parma, italy.  inkiostro.   served dehydrated soft shell crab, wrapped in cotton candy.  it was absolutely delicious.': 3, 'melon and ham\nwatermelon and feta': 4, 'both are classics. melon and prosciutto and honey.': 11, "i've been saying this for years - blue cheese and nutella. \n\nneeds to be a good blue cheese, super veiny and pungent. it was very legitimately astound you with how delicious it is.": 5, 'maybe it\'s the "nut" component? since blue cheese is often paired with nuts, walnuts, etc.': 1, 'i put american with nutella. i might have to try blue': 1, "cottage cheese, jello mix of your choice, and low fat whipped cream. if you get the healthier versions of all those, it's a protein packed snack that tastes like jello.": 5, "sometimes i'll add crushed pineapple to the mix and it's just so *good*. quintessential midwest cuisine": 3, 'dang, never thought to add fruit too. genius!': 1, 'well… i sincerely enjoy yellow mustard on my spaghetti with marinara. highly recommend.': 4, 'sweet and chewy medjool dates stuffed with stinky blue cheese and wrapped in a thinly sliced, salty prosciutto. simply broil until prosciutto is crispy and cheese is soft!': 4, 'do the same with fresh (or dried) figs. also amazing.': 1, 'i tried watermelon with tajin on it. amazing.': 4, 'that’s super common where i grew up': 2, 'cool ranch doritos dipped in nutella. it sounds weird but it just works so well!': 5, 'how high were you when you came up with this combo!? 😂😂😂': 8, 'not at all actually 😂 one of my friends recommended it': 1, "if you've never tried frozen doritos, i highly recommend trying them at least once! just freeze a bag and eat it. more interesting than expected.": 1, 'peanuts and raisins': 5, 'this sounds like dehydrated peanut butter and jelly 😜': 28, 'you mean... trail mix?': 23, 'dude/girl: ants on a log!': 4, 'green salsa is killer by itself but also goes very well with sour cream as a topper on things like nachos, tacos, chalupes etc.': 4, 'kinda like rajas con crema.': 2, 'feta cheese and sugar on rotini': 2, 'potato chips and peanut butter.': 2, 'kraft mac & cheese with hp sauce': 2, 'curry pork chops simmered w sour cream, mustard, chili flakes over white rice!': 2, 'this sounds good. how to make it ?': 1, 'marinate pork chops w mustard and curry 30 to 1 hour before cooking.\n\nplace pork chops on pan w a generous amount of oil, once fully cooked do 2/3 cups of sour cream/mexican cream along with chili flakes.\n \nlet that simmer for 30 to 45 min then enjoy! \n\nps the sauce of curry, mustard and cream goes really well w the rice': 1, 'small meatballs simmered in grape jelly and heinz chili sauce.': 2, 'i enjoy making peanut butter and hot sauce sandwiches! bonus if i use crunchy peanut butter! lol': 2, 'tuna salad served on ginger snap cookies. it was incredible i cant recommend it enough': 2, 'this is intriguing…': 1, "persimmon and sausage pizza (brick oven style).\n\nit was amazing, i've never seen it before or since, and the restaurant didn't survive covid :(\n\n\n(it did at least get me to start trying other combinations of citrus+spicy, which hasn't been bad yet, even if they're not all amazing)\n\nps: sorry if this ends up multi-posting. reddit is giving me errors": 2, 'taquitos and mayo': 2, 'i’m not gonna say “amazing”, but last weekend someone made a salad with halved grapes in it and it was okay.': 2, "my husband and i went to a trendy restaurant and they served a strawberry dessert topped with ants.\nbest dessert i've had": 2, 'while visiting in puerto rico…guava and queso empanadas. delicious if you have a sweet tooth': 2, 'i like to combine canned tuna with diced mango and hot sauce.': 2, 'there was a restaurant, left coast, on long island that made a soup duo. bottom layer was new england clam chowder and top layer was french onion with bread and cheese. omg it was the tastiest combo.': 2, 'cantaloupe and cottage cheese': 2, 'theres a lot of famously good and well known food combos in here': 2, 'i have held my tongue on the more common ones, trying to be a good person on the interwebs and not judge people too much.': 1, 'i ate at a restaurant with pb and j chicken wings as an appetizer. basically tossed in a peanut and peach jam sauce so it was a mix or spicy/salty and sweet. had no idea it was supposed to be that good but as someone who doesnt even care for wings much, they were pretty amazing.': 2, 'grilled cheese (melted american cheese) and fruit jam. the flavors compliment each other very well.': 2, 'beef in a trifle. it tastes like feet.': 2, 'what’s not to like? custard? good. jam? good. meat? goooood.': 1, 'cold jalapeno jelly and cream cheese with crackers. i learned this appetizer in college and people asked for it at every single party.': 2, 'one of my favorites for sure. also love cream cheese base, cocktail sauce and canned baby shrimp on top. serve with crackers. both of these are my favorite dips!!': 2, 'rice, milk, cinnamon, and sugar, served warm. not sure if that’s weird but my mom used to make it for me as a kid and i still crave it sometimes. still can’t convince my fiancé to try it so it must be kinda weird…': 2, 'interesting, i’m not sure where it came from but i always assumed it was some broke white people dessert 😂': 1, 'my wife does chive and onion cream cheese on blueberry bagels': 2, 'tomato juice and sparkling water': 2, 'interesting. upvote for actually being unique!': 1, 'goat cheese and guava paste in pastry': 2, 'silan (date syrup) with cottage cheese, or strawberry and jalapeno. also i eat toast with peanut butter, arisa (a pepper and oil based hotsauce) and cilantro': 2, 'dipping potato chips in chocolate ice cream': 3, 'my kids used to dip fries in their frostys from wendy’s..': 2, 'warm apple pie with a slice of sharp cheddar on top': 4, 'cheerios, cream cheese, and blueberries! smother some cream cheese on a cheerio and put a blueberry on top. it’s such an easy delicious snack!!': 2, 'parmesan cheese cube, dipped in honey, then dipped in espresso grounds (fresh). it was delicious.': 2, 'caramelized onions and mushrooms on a hot dog topped with stilton cheese': 2, 'honey dew melon & prosciutto. 🤤': 2, 'in my neck of the woods (quebec, canada) italians do it with cantaloupe. super common and delicious appetizer.': 2, 'yes! i’ve had it with cantaloupe too, and it’s amazing either way. glad you like it too 😊': 1, 'peanut butter & tuna salad sandwich 🥪': 1, 'feta cheese, drizzled with raw honey, finished with cracked black pepper. freakin amazing': 1, "read the flavor bible, you'll find some interesting combinations.": 1, 'pickled okra with cream cheese wrapped in deli ham. perfect mix of sweet, salty, and bitter. surprisingly good.': 1, 'carbs and starch': 0, 'quesidillas. my dad made them in the microwave for my sister and i thought the smell was puke worthy and so would be the taste. so i never ate them. till i braved up and tried it and fell in love.': -3, 'peanut butter and jelly burger with crunchy pb, jalapeno jelly and potato chips on it. it was sweet, spicy, salty, crunchy and absolutely amazing.': 1, 'scrambled eggs with mac&cheese': 1, 'watermelon and feta cheese.\n\nvegemite and banana on toast.': 1, "i haven't ever tried it but just putting it out there in case someone else has. a coworker of mine swore to me a mixture of buttermilk and tabasco sauce was delicious. i always assumed he was trying to play a prank on me but hey maybe not.": 1, 'makes a great soak for chicken prior to frying, i can tell you that.': 1, 'this would be great! i mean, don’t drink it.. but definitely dip something fried in it.': 1, 'burger topped with peanut butter and bacon.': 1, 'popcorn and pickled jalapeños': 1, 'when i was pregnant with my 1st i craved mac n cheese with mild sauce and brown gravy. it was so good lmao.': 1, 'olives wrapped in cotton candy.': 1, 'watermelon with feta cheese is oddly satisfying.': 1, 'peanut butter, mayo on blt. amaze.': 1, 'apple pie a la mode with a side of diner-style homefries.': 1, 'raw onion? what kind of ratios?': 1, "think of medium to small red onions cut into 8. spread peanut butter a'la ants on a log. now drizzle that liberally with sriracha.": 1, 'peanut butter and bacon   so amazing': 1, "port wine, dark chocolate and bleu cheese whisked together and poured on ice cream.  i couldn't believe it.": 1, 'melted dark chocolate?': 1, 'yes.': 1, 'ritz crackers and cream cheese and pineapple perseveres.': 1, 'cola in your cesar salad': 1, 'vanilla ice cream drizzled with an orange infused olive oil. also works well with lemon infusion. tastes like a creamsicle.': 1, "sounds great! i only tried olive oil on vanilla ice cream, but have't tried with infused olive oil. i will try; i love creamsicle since i was a kid. i make a creamsicle ice tea with vanilla syrup and ice tea.": 1, 'soy sauce in my spaghetti sauce. someone suggested it and no it’s a must!': 1, 'haha...i done a few times; the asian side kicks in with my cooking. sometimes i use spring green onions, when i make pasta.': 3, "i can't make red sauce without a little dark mushroom soy sauce! :d adds some nice depth": 2, 'i have dark mushroom soy, i’ll try it next time! thanks!': 1, 'olive oil in chocolate ice cream': 1, 'pure maple syrup on savoury asian dishes like ramen. such an underrated flavour and goes well with sesame oil, soy sauce all that good stuff.': 1, 'hot sauce and cheese \n\npeanut butter on a burger': 1, 'lasagna with a side of coleslaw. it just works.': 1, 'peanut butter and cheeto sandwich.': 1, 'excellent room temp stilton and superb port. what they end up doing in your mouth i believe is illegal in several states': 1, 'bartender friend whipped this up in the early 2000s when we were getting tanked during xmas.\n\n"stoner\'s pizza" - thin crust, peanut butter as sauce, mozzarella, bacon, chocolate sauce.  sounded gross but was one of the most delicious things i\'ve ever eaten.': 1, 'honey on pizza': 1, 'vanilla ice cream and white rice. mind blown!': 1, 'curiosity got the best of me. how did you come up with that combination?': 1, 'pickles, artichoke hearts, and white sauce pizza.': 1, 'my mom used to make peanut butter, mayonnaise and green olives with pimento on toast sandwiches. they are delicious.': 1, 'cool ranch doritos and marshmallows. i made a pie out of them and it was surprisingly good. also a pretty great snack. make sure you use the mini marshmallows, so you have the right ratio of chip to fluff': 1, 'cashew butter and jalapeño jelly sandwiches': 1, 'hot cheeto puffs with hummus': 1, "not a food, a drink.  i was in mexico and went for dinner to local place.  i always avoid sodas (or anything i can have in the states), the only thing they had left was a cucumber & lemonade, it didn't sound appetizing, the waiter told me to order it and that i didn't have to pay for it if i didn't like it, i ended up drinking three glasses -- it appears i liked it!": 1, "apples and cheddar. slice up an apple, top with cheddar, sprinkle cinnamon, microwave for 30 secs to melt the cheese. that was a childhood staple. \n\nalso, peanut butter greens. sauteed greens just like you'd usually do, but in the last 5 mins, stir in a tablespoon or two of peanut butter. if you think you don't like kale, try it like this.": 1, 'peanut butter chipotle burger': 1, 'i grew up eating cottage cheese (or ricotta, whatever made it into the fridge) and canned peaches for breakfast. i loved it! gotta get that proportion of cheese to peach syrup just right though.': 1, 'cream cheese & pepper jelly on burgers\n\nbreakfast sausage or bacon dipped in maple syrup\n\nguacamole on grilled cheese': 1, 'eggplant and egg. first time i had a sabich i was blown away': 1, 'jalapeño poppers stuffed with peanut butter instead of cheese.': 1, 'maybe not super crazy but peanut butter with ramen': 1, "matar paneer and french fries! at my local indian place the matar paneer comes with a side of garlic naan and basmati rice. i like to get an order to go, grab some fries from a local burger place, and then put the fries/basmati rice/matar paneer on the naan then roll it up like a burrito. it's too good!": 1, 'if poutine and curry chips/fries had a baby.': 2, 'exactly!': 1, 'watermelon and salt. my family always served watermelon slices sprinkled with salt, so i was surprised to learn this was not a common practice.\n\nnot super weird, but delicious!': 1, 'peanut butter, banana and mayo sandwich on white bread. \n\npineapple,  cheddar and mayo sandwich. \n\nsliced canned pears, mayo, cheddar cheese and maybe a maraschino cherry on top.\n\nplain potato chips with cream cheese.\n\nbaby carrots and peanut butter. \n\nbutter and sugar sandwich.': 1, 'carrot ribbons, mayo, bonito flakes, and sesame seeds.': 1, "funny, i just did one with watermelon, mint, cucumber, jalapeno, feta cheese, red onion and lemon juice and it was *banging* and also the weirdest thing i've done in recent memory. but i've got pork marinating with a chocolate coffee rub and getting grilled tomorrow w mustard bbq. idk which will be better, but that's weirder than my watermelon salad.": 1, 'pickles and almonds. wet helps dry, salt helps vinegar. so delicious and filling.': 1, 'ok i love almonds and i love pickles, i may have to try them combined.': 1, "i did a whole keto thing like a decade ago so i found all sorts of weird combinations. add pepperoni for another layer if you like. it's weird for sure but got me through it.": 1, 'salsa on baked potatoes, french fries': 1, 'white mac and cheese with hot honey and bacon. oh my god. if applebee’s could actually do it right, i’d weight three times what i do.': 1, 'chicken nuggets with honey 🍯 as the dipping sauce or i love bacon 🥓 with syrup': 1, 'dill pickles and peanut butter. one of my favs.': 1, 'was it basil leaves shredded over the watermelon? or was the lemon juice infused with basil & sesame?': 1, 'basil sliced thin on top of watermelon, then squeeze lemon on top (or a few glugs from the bottle), then sesame seeds.': 2, 'cottage cheese + bananas': 1, 'i had essentially what was a poke bowl (tuna and sesame oil) on top of a chilled borscht/beet gazpacho dish in barcelona. broke my brain, i had to go back to that restaurant to taste it again.': 1, 'i’m intrigued!': 1, 'plain bagel, cut. monterey jack cheese slightly melted (microwave for 10 seconds) covered in strawberry preserves/jam. awesome!': 1, 'savory cucumber popsicles with tahin salt on it.': 1, 'sushi and charbroiled burgers': 1, 'black pepper and earl grey tea\n\n(guy savoy)': 1, 'i like to make peanut butter, strawberry or raspberry jam, and sriracha sandwich. grilled or not. tastes amazing.': 1, 'miso paste on avocado toast': 1, 'salmon and strawberry (in a sandwich). i never knew those two went so well with each other.': 1, 'banana fritters topped with mexican sour cream and cotija cheese\n\n\nyou’ll go to heaven': 1, 'black licorice, wasabi almonds, and nori.\n\nfriend made it for me as a snack mix. first i was like wtf but gahtdang it really works.': 1, 'bubs in san diego had a granny smith burger, topping it with a thin slice of granny smith apple and a generous amount of melted brie.': 1, 'sriracha on a chocolate chip cookie': 1, 'sweet and sour sauce as a dip for french fries.': 1, 'in pre k we were doing some food thing (25 years ago i cannot remember...) one thing i distinctly remember because i eat it to this day is popcorn in milk. (like cereal) kettle corn is the best. im literally the only person i know that does this and from what i remember i was the only kid who tried it. lol': 1, 'pancakes with salvadoran sour cream. the tartiness from the sour cream mixed with syrup is so delicious': 1, 'melted cheese with caramelized goat milk (queso fundidto con cajeta).': 1, "peanut butte and banana toasted on bread with that tar sauce. i made a detailed video about it. ... i don't want to break the rules not sure what they are so i'm not going to post a link. but also i will make a nanna and white bread sandwich with no peanut butter, just banana and mayo. i would keep the white bread, jar of mayonnaise and banana in a shoe box on my bookshelf so if i'm in my library i can just grab the shoebox. i had a friend over and i think they're mind was blown": 1, 'vanilla ice cream and soy sauce. the sweet and salty combo is delicious.': 1, "i was high one night and went to a deli to pick get a bagel with cream cheese and peanut butter. it's now one of my favorite once-in-a-while treats. i highly recommend.": 1, 'banana 🍌 & avocado 🥑': 1, 'haloumi and honey. i always use lemon juice, but someone once told me to try honey and it was delicious!': 1, 'steamed broccoli with yellow mustard.': 1, 'watermelon is great with lots of stuff; balsamic vinegar, salt, feta cheese, alcohol...': 1, 'sprite and milk. half and half over ice. look it up!': 1, 'i never thought  cheese and strawberries  could  be good but i was wrong.': 1, 'vanilla ice cream (straus) with olive oil (only certain brand, i use organic olive from lucini italia), haha...might be acquire taste. \n\ncutting a fresh fried donut in half and then adding ice cream in the middle is so good too. kind of the same concept of bagel with cream cheese. not weird combo to me, and just want to share.': 1, 'i’ve had olive oil ice cream before, it’s amazing. but i don’t think i’ve drizzled olive oil on ice cream before.': 1, "i got the idea, when i tried humphry slocombe's mcevoy olive oil ice cream. haha..one night i have vanilla ice cream and just thought would be interesting to add olive oil. \n\nalso i added pomegranate balsamic vinegar to vanilla ice cream, and it was delicious. the pomegranate balsamic vinegar is made by a local grocery store in my city and it is so yummy.": 1, 'mac n cheese with sriracha. it can be cheap mac n cheese or not. they just seem to work for me. \n\nalso, sriracha on pineapple pizza. i’m not a big fan of pineapple pizza but every one else is. the sriracha goes really well with the sweetness from the pineapple.': 1, 'mandarin oranges and cottage cheese': 1, 'apples in tuna salad': 1, 'watermelon and feta cheese. very greek. very good. add some nice bread and you have a meal.': 1, 'little kid me would put a spoon full of chocolate pudding on a slice a pizza. sounds totally gross now but something about sweet and salty and savory worked so well together........': 1, 'scallops with vanilla': 1, 'peanutbutter, mayonnaise and iceberg lettuce sandwich.': 1, 'spaghetti with sour cream and a packet of [sazon](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/i/91dkdskleol._sl1500_.jpg). so quick and easy to make, so delicious. goes really well with grilled chicken.': 1, 'scrambled eggs and (preferably cold) leftover pizza.': 1, 'popcorn in milk, like cereal': 1, 'a “pb3” at disney! a pb&j with sliced banana and candied bacon… and a banana milkshake. i dream of this weird meal at least once a week!!': 1, "kalimotxo: red wine and coke. popular in parts of spain. it's actually kinda good.": 1, "my friend from spain put coke in sangria and it was pretty good. my dad's friend put sprite in red wine, but i haven't it.": 1, 'i ate eggs on a plate that previously held a fennel-seed baguette. turns out fennel seeds go wonderfully with scrambled eggs!': 1, 'kimchi and sweet potatoes': 1, 'not super unusual but cheddar cheese with strawberry jam on sliced white bread. i have always eaten it since being a child but some people act super disgusted by the idea!': 1, 'i was hesitate to tried strawberry pizza, but my friend convenced me: it was so tasty. after i had the strawberry pizza; your recipe sounds pretty yummy white bread, strawberry, and cheddar cheese.': 1, 'if you try it id love to know your verdict!': 2, 'sure, when i buy more strawberries, i used up all my strawberries to make strawberry milk 😋also i just learned how to make strawberry jam.': 2, "as a vegan, i've tasted some pretty wild foods i never would have tried before. like making meat out of flour and water. not wild really but strange at first.\n\ni've also never been a fan of peanuts as savory. even in pad thai, i tend to ask for no peanuts. but once in mexico, i went to a little pan-asian place that did decent noodle dishes. the only vegan sauces had peanuts, so i got it and i was impressed. it was like a peanut paste with orange. really good and unexpected.": 1, "i forgot which restaurant in la: it had vegan ahi tuna, so they turned watermelon to taste and look like ahi tuna. i would love to try this dish. pretty creative, i am not vegan but i often prefer vegetables and fruits over meat. i don't eat that much meat. i found vegan dishes to be very interesting and creative.": 2, 'oh yeah! vegan sushi can be incredible. montreal has the best sushi i’ve ever had in my life, even when i was eating animal products. it was so creative. i recently saw a vegan blogger who made watermelon into waygu beef, she calls it waygumelon. i plan to try and make it when i get the chance!': 1, 'wow, sounds great! there are also people making carrot into smoke salmon; the possibilities are endless :)': 1, "that's cool, i always want to try that technique. i used to watch food network and i seen chefs vacuum sealing and smoking things. i miss watching iron chef.": 1, 'vanilla ice cream with balsamic vinegar.': 1, 'you really need to try watermelon, rocket and pine nuts salad with a dash of balsamic. perfect with a bbq or a palate cleanser.\n\ngrilling (bbqing) pineapple skewers marinated in crunchy chilli oil. this is also good to throw on individual slices of pizza after cooking if you have normal people and deviants at the same table ;)\n\nand, of course, balsamic on vanilla ice-cream. bestest thing ever. go crazy an add toasted sesame seeds.': 1, 'watermelon salsa is also amazing!\n\nwatermelon, jalapeños, cilantro, salt, lime juice and that’s it! sooo good with tortilla chips.': 1, 'ate some fried wontons filled with pureed mango and shrimp. it was surprisingly gooodddd that we had to get seconds and thirds lol \n\nalso grilled sandwich with cream cheese and sakura jam.': 1, 'bbq hot dogs and marshmallows': 1, 'i found this indian curry sauce at a grocery store. i sautéed it with some onions and put it over pasta noodles. i thought it was pretty good combo.': 1, 'brie and apricot baked in a puff pastry\n\ngoat cheese and tomato sauce dip\n\nfig prosciutto pizza\n\nmango with seaweed salad, crab meat, brown rice and raw salmon': 1, "i'll stand by this for the rest of my life peanut butter in oatmeal": 1, "my coworker will always melt a chocolate bar on top of pepperoni and hamburg pizza. never tried it myself but he's converted many people.": 1, 'fried rice and chickfila sauces.': 1, 'mashed potatoes and hazelnut powder. \nmight be biased because i adore the taste of hazelnuts but that nutty flavour was delicious with the taters.': 1, 'pineapple and mint. specifically fresh pineapple juice': 1, 'mac n cheese + corn, godly combo': 1, 'jam and grilled cheese on toast': 1, 'ice cream (home made) flavoured with caramelized yellow onion.': 1, "persimmon and sausage pizza (brick oven style).\n\nit was amazing, i've never seen it before or since, and the restaurant didn't survive covid :(\n\n\n(it did at least get me to start trying other combinations of citrus+spicy, which hasn't been bad yet, even if they're not all amazing)": 1, 'sweetcorn and gravy on a sunday roast, the texture and sweetness goes so well with some thick meaty gravy': 1, 'eggs and peanut butter over very wet rice for breakfast': 1, 'bone marrow donut with raspberry jelly': 1, 'a monte cristo served with maple syrup instead of a berry compote. i had it in buffalo a few years back and it didn’t compute until i tried it. i was so used to having them fried i never remembered the sandwich is supposed to be on french toast, not deep fried. it is delicious when done properly, thanks buffalo.': 1, 'ooh, hear me out… hoisin duck (like what you roll up in pancakes), watermelon, uncooked spinach, chopped peanuts. maybe it was my student taste buds but it all weirdly works': 1, "add feta to you're watermelon salad! you're welcome!": 1, "add feta to the watermelon salad! you're welcome!": 1, 'vegemite and honey on toast, accidentally found out when i flipped my separate slices of toast onto each other': 1, 'vanilla ice cream with olive oil and fleur de sel (though i have recreated it with normal salt). the idea seemed strange but i was blown away by it.': 1, "me too!! the first time i tried this at ice cream shop; i started adding olive oil to my vanilla ice cream. i haven't try it with salt, so i'll try next time :)": 2, 'awesome! the salt gives that sweet and salty combination and i love it so much.': 1, 'me too, i love this kind of combination, so i love salted caramel!': 2, 'kangaroo and quandonh (i believe i said this before), the fact that such strong flavours came hand in hand, complementing each other to this degree of harmony blew my mind.\n\non a more traditional note: snake and lime leaves.': 1, 'a place in bcn does a salad or raw mushroom, wasabi, strawberry and like a parmesan type cheese. it is the most delicious thing ever. shout out to bar del pla!': 1, 'grapes in taco, very good.': 1, 'strawberry basil sorbet. \ntaste like the sunshine of a thousand italian summers all bursting in your mouth at once.': 1, 'watermelon and salty feta cheese': 1, 'icecream with browned butter and rosemary': 1, 'i was at a three-star restaurant and one of the courses was raw japanese seriola fish with apple jalapeno ice. it was the most wired course of all on the menu, and i was pretty skeptical.\n\n  \nturns out it was one of the best things i ever ate. i am truly amazed that this worked out so well. since that, i am way more open to trying new combinations.': 1, 'tabouli and baked beans': 1, "simple letuce and wakame (seaweed) together. got it served once at my best friend's house, it was delicious.": 1, "my parents would always do a bowl of homemade chicken noodle soup with a damn banana in their hand and bite into it as they sipped on their soup. ugh i never tried and it is still a hell no in my book. my parents say it's bombdiggity.": 1, 'ice-cream on bread with jam.': 1, 'serve potato chips with eggs for breakfast. tasty and thought provoking...': 1, 'banana and mayonnaise sandwich on soft white bread. banana may also be replaced for tomato with a dash of s&p. it’s like a southern struggle meal that’s surprisingly tasty. mayo has to be duke’s brand.': 1, 'had a salad with pears and crispy bacon bits. never thought that stuff would go together.': 1, 'i am not an american and when i heard about peanut butter and jelly sandwiches i thought that it was a strange idea. i mean we have peanut butter here but we don’t do that type of sandwich and i thought that since peanut butter is salty it would be strange to combine it with something sweet.\n\noh my, was i for a surprise when i tried it :)': 1, "salt and vinegar kettle chips dipped in mayo. you gotta do it. god it's good.": 1, 'ethiopian spice + peanut butter + tomato sauce on pasta.': 1, 'white cracker with fermented cassava': 1, 'rum baba with blue cheese ice cream. it was amazing!': 1, "must it be served? or could it be something i made that i initially had reservations about. most of what family or friends have served me seemed pretty standard. anything odd seemed to disappoint. nothing of that sort came out amazing.\n\ni once found a recipe with rosemary lamb chops finished in the oven with fresh figs that were tossed in balsamic vinegar and honey. then served topped with goat cheese. i wasn't sure of it before making it, but now it is among my favorite dishes that i've made many times. in fact, i plan to make this dish tonight or tomorrow.": 1, 'when i was a kid, my mom would put persian breakfast cream, honey, basil, and red onions on lavash which is a super thin flat bread. i totally forgot about it until i came across this post.': 1, 'pizza and scrambled eggs as in the pizza was torn up and put into scrambled eggs': 1, 'pancakes with shoarma (chicken), salad, garlic sauce and chilli sauce. next table over in a pancake restaurant had it. i looked at it doubtfully. he told me “it’s delicious. order it and if you don’t like it i will pay for it and for a new one”. i decided to go for it and never regretted it. \n\nholy heck it’s weird but tastes sooooo fecking amazing!': 1, 'steamed dumpling with sweet shrimp paste!': 1, 'ikura + watermelon. raw oysters with apple juice mini spheres + ikura. sweet raw scallops + ikura + caviar + tobiko + uni + truffle sauce on seasoned angel hair pasta. the last one almost gave me a heart attack. the bill not the calories.': 1, "pb and celery. turns out it's a noice snack": 1, 'where i live there’s this family owned ice cream/ice cream sandwich place that has some unique flavor combos. one of their flavors for ice cream sandwiches is black sesame ice cream on a salted tahini cookie with chocolate chunks. so good.': 1, 'frosted flakes with milk with a coke on the side. i know… pls don’t judge me': 1, 'soy sauce, milk, and fish': 1, 'foie gras with blueberry jam... perfection.': 1, 'grilled talagani cheese (resembles haloumi) with cherry tomato marmelade. exquisite.': 1, 'spice cake with blue cheese accompanied by a sour beer. was amazing. never would have paired the three but they worked.': 1, 'itt: nothing actually weird.': 1, 'vitella tonnata (veal with tuna sauce)': 1, 'pig brain baked with herbs and spice on banana leaf. delicious.': 1, 'did a whatever i have in the fridge dip for dumplings, lychee peanut dip with a dash of sriracha. turned out amazing.': 1, 'risotto and…anything basically.   last night we had risotto with tandoori spices. came out amazing. \n\na few weeks ago i had korean bulgogi risotto. it’s always good.': 1, 'used to be a hot dog place in lancaster, pa called hot diggity dog. best hot dogs but a bad location where nothing lasts. they had the "moon dog" which was a hot dog with swiss cheese and strawberry jam. it was damn tasty.': 1, 'i eat pickles with anything that has marinara sauce. spaghetti, lasagna, chicken parm. , even pizza. wife is like i don’t why you like that.': 1, 'a bacon and strawberry preserves sandwich on buttered lightly-toasted wheat bread.': 1, 'adding jam to a turkey sandwich with mayo in it. great if you have a sweet tooth like me. it was just a simple as using a knife with a bit of jam on it to spread the mayo. now whenever i make a sandwich it has light jam. adding jam to mozzarella and eating it on a cracker is also a nice combination.': 1, 'fermented garlic honey, on a margherita pizza. \nincredible !': 1, "my boyfriend loves marinara sauce on mexican burritos. i've tried it and it's not too bad.": 1, 'sautéed diced apples and onions. weird combination but delicious.': 1, 'honey mustard on a pickle.': 1, "fish sticks and custard. \nthe idea came from doctor who and it's not that bad of a combination. i don't have any plans on eating it again because eating a whole box of fish sticks isn't something i wish to do since no one else in my family eats them.": 1, 'the classic french fries and wendy’s frosty was always weird to me until i tried it.': 1, "i know i'm late and this will get buried but guava and cheese empanadas are amazing": 1, 'peanut butter and bacon (sandwiches).  mom would occasionally put them in my lunch when i was a kid.': 1, 'raspberry syrup in coffee. total game changer and by far the best tasting torani syrup': 1, "cottage cheese with a1.  it's a great combo but it sounds and looks kinda gross.  since then i've discovered lots of sauces mix well with cottage cheese as a side.  harissa paste mixed into it is by far my favorite.  \n\ncottage cheese with either a1 or harissa paste has replaced chips as my side dish of choice to go with my sandwich for lunch at work every day now.": 1, 'peanut butter, a slice of pickle, and a dollop of yellow mustard on a saltine. try it': 1, 'yogurt, applesauce, and cinnamon on warm rice.\n\ni had a burger in san antonio with a little bit of peanut butter and jelly and it was bizarrely divine.': 1, 'black pepper on strawberries 🍓\n\nsalt on watermelon 🍉': 1, 'kalamata olive caramel , on artichokes': 1, "canadian bacon and sauerkraut pizza from happy joe's pizza. it was amazing!": 1, 'wasnt served by someone but the items were there. there was french toast and some spicy tteokkbi. i dipped the french toast into that thick ass tteokkbi sauce and started sandwiching the rice cakes': 1, 'pistachio cheesecake. good lord it was amazing.': 1, 'this is gross. but in like 5th grade some asshole squeezed his yogurt tube on my pizza on pizza day. i ate it anyways and it actually wasn’t bad. can’t say i’ve tried it since but i ate the whole piece no problem.': 1, '2 weird ones that i did pretty often in grade school that i haven’t really tried since i graduated 7 years ago. they would always give us bananas the days we had spaghetti. i would dip the nan in the ghetti. was delicious.\n\ni would also mix a packet or 2 of barbecue sauce into my plain mashed potatoes to make a concoction that looked like strawberry applesauce to did my popcorn chicken in. ‘‘twas also delicious. \n\ni also used to eat straight up mustard and kraft slices sandwiches. i was an odd kid': 1, 'mandolin some lemon with the peel and put on top of your bagel. it’s seriously so good!': 1, 'strawberries with balsamic vinegar reduction over vanilla ice cream.\n\nsounds terrible, is a revelation. add a wee bit of black pepper for extra complexity.': 1, 'peanut butter on hamburgers. it works. and is delicious.': 1, 'bratwurst sliced and filled with mustard and dried plums and wrapped in beacon. then grilled. \ni actually don’t really like bratwurst, but this one got me. best i ever had.': 1, 'green asparagus fried in honey. delicious!': 1, 'sliced ham and vanilla ice cream roll ups. just a dollop of ice cream in some sandwhich ham and voila. slaps tho': 1, 'peanut butter on a burger. trust me.': 1, 'peanut butter and jelly. yep. non us here. grew up eating groundnut soup. always knew peanuts as savory ingredient, snack. then \'murica.. "omg ! omg ! i can\'t believe you\'ve never had pbj!"   \nwell ok then... yep. totally works.  \n\nback home now i have peanut butter cookies and peanut butter ice cream and people always ask for more.': 1, 'condensed milk and anchovies on toast. o.m.g.': 1, 'peanut butter and sweet chili sauce on a hamburger. \n\nit was a thai restaurant’s entry for a burger week competition and it was so freaking good. i now put a dab of peanut butter on my hamburgers.': 1, 'skippy peanut butter & miracle whip on a plain hamburger bun.': 1, 'dates wrapped in bacon': 1, 'spaghetti sauce with ranch mixed in. makes it creamy and delicious. if you like ranch on your pizza, give it a try.': 1, 'cheeseburgers with peanut butter. the pb melts when the burger is warm and it tickles my senses. i thought it was gonna be nasty but it pairs so well.': 1, 'salad with fennels, oranges (the more sour and red, the better), salt, black pepper and evoo. simple and good': 1, 'we visited the house of blues in new orleans before katrina and i ate crawfish cheesecake with mustard sauce. it was one of the most amazing things i have ever eaten.': 1, 'i celebrate summer with this sandwich ever since i first heard about it. https://www.npr.org/2013/07/24/199149179/taste-of-summer-finalist-dianes-dads-sandwich—such a weird combination of ingredients but quite tasty!': 1, 'fried chicken and waffles': 1, 'pickles on a pizza - it’s so good. have only done white sauce so far though': 1, "peanut butter and orange juice belong together. like make a peanut butter sandwich, wash it down with a glass of oj. seems weird, but it's amazing.": 1, 'beetroot and granita': 1, 'soy sauce on cottage cheese': 1, "vanilla wafers and margarine. it's gross but so damn addictive.": 1, 'is there any chance you might have the recipe for the watermelon salad? it sounds fantastic! thanks 💕': 1, 'it was diced up watermelon, sliced basil, squeeze one full lemon on top, topped with toasted sesame seeds.': 1, 'thanks so much! looking forward to trying it 😊': 1, 'pepperoni pizza with honey drizzled on top. simply amazing!': 1, 'mustard, just normal yellow, on watermelon. sounds weird but just try one bit, the sweetness of the melon and the vinegar zing of the mustard compliment each other so well. if you want to spice it a bit, a little tajin is a great addition too!': 1, 'i put fish sauce on steak. i also make a chinese style beef and vegetable soup and our fish sauce or add anchovies to the soup. both are delicious so i think there must be some beef/salty fish sauce umami combo thing going on.': 1, 'fried cheese curds and caramel sauce.': 1, 'chocolate and tahini. mix 1 part melted chocolate, 1 part tahini, a bit of salt. freeze and cut, add cocoa powder of you want, and you have the easiest and tastiest chocolate truffles.': 1, 'ooh we made tahini brownies once. very nice combination': 1, 'grilled halloumi and raspberry jam on seeded whole multigrain toast. the salty chewy cheese actually goes really well with a bit of sweetness and the nutty flavor of the bread with occasional pops of seeds really pulls it all together in a very unexpected way': 1, "peanut butter egg toast. it's amazing. \n\njust a hot dog bun, with peanut butter and scrambled eggs on top. don't know why the flavors work but they just do! plus tons or protein!": 1, "1. balsamic glaze over berry cobbler or fresh berries. excleent idle you're trying to cut sugars and dairy. 🍓\n\n2. cranberry juice mixed with peach nectar. sound weird but tastes like ambrosia, perfect summer thirst quencher over ice. i've frozen it in an ice cream maker as a delightful sorbet. 🍑\n\n3. sesame oil sprinkled on steamed broccoli instead of cheese. flavor punch. truffle oil is even better, but pricey. 🥦\n\n4. sautéed carrots glazed with maple syrup or honey. 🥕\n\n5. corn bread made with extra virgin olive oil and honey. savory and sweet, added complexity and velvet texture. works drizzled over roasted corn on the cob as well, with fresh ground black pepper. 🌽\n\n6. guacamole made with lemon and extra virgin olive oil, salt, pepper. made it this way 20 years ago and haven't gone back. the piquant olive oil pairs with the delicate avocado so perfectly. few drips of oil on top to garnish.. delightful on toast. 🫒\n\n7. fresh turmeric root grated into carrot and ginger soup; add in stages as it is a powerful flavor. imbues the dish with a mid-tone-type flavor to round it out, and aids digestion. 🥕": 1, 'have you ever had maple tahini glazed carrots? they’re addicting.': 2, 'nooooo, i will try that at once! thank you 😀': 1, 'tahini, maple syrup, lemon juice and vinegar of some kind. roast the carrots plain (oil, salt, pepper) then toss in the vinaigrette once they’re cooked.': 2, 'sliced apple on a hot dog.  it had other stuff too but man that was the best hot dog i’ve ever had': 1, 'white beans and honey': 1, 'i don’t know if i’m just an adventurous eater, but very little of this thread sounds odd. in fact quite a few of these are on menus on my city…': 1, 'i totally thought the same, ngl.': 1, "peanut butter *in* thai red curry. panang curry, it sounds weird but it's great. recipes call for crushed peanuts but to get a nice consistency you need to add straight peanut butter in my experience.": 1, 'clarifying, as the american here. rocket and arugula are the same thing, right? do you shave the chocolate, or is it melted? i’m so confused by this combination': 1, "not totally uncommon, but dipping your wendy's fries into your frosty is awesome": 1, 'green olives on burritos.  the briny flavor is such a nice punch mixed with the meat-cheese--beans-salsa.  i often add chopped green olive to mexican food now and love the combo.': 1, 'tried a pickle, peanut butter and hot chili oil sandwich and it was so delicious!': 1, 'chocolate covered pretzels with a pickled jalapeño slice. its sweet, salty, and a little spicy': 1, 'toast, butter, apricot jam, crisp bacon rashers': 1, 'not super weird but cream cheese in a date surprised me how great it tasted.': 1, 'goat cheese and dates are also amazing, as are bacon wrapped dates stuffed with cream cheese.': 1, 'i was just going to add that too -- goat cheese and dates would be amazing. wrapped with bacon -- my god, yes.': 1, 'caviar and white chocolate. the saltiness and sweetness! sharp and smooth.': 1, 'halloumi + mint + lemon. cheese and mint sounded weird to me but it was awesome! i was told it is a common combo in the middle east.': 1, 'fries dipped in a frosty': 1, 'cream cheese, sesame oil, soy sauce and chopped green onions. best dip ever with some tortilla or pita chips.': 1, 'peanut butter and mayonnaise sandwiches taste much better than it seems like they should.': 1, 'fried chicken with honey. add some texas pete for perfection': 1, "american style bbq sushi. there's a restaurant in north houston that serves it.": 1, 'trail mix of cranberries, cashews, and wasabi peas.': 1, 'bacon on a chocolate cupcake! had it many years ago but remember it fondly.': 1, 'on a dessert level, strawberry and oreos.\n\ngo somewhere that does a good ice cream shake and get oreos put in it, super good.': 1, 'i found a recipe on youtube for a dish from turkey called cilbir. i had to try it because it looked so strange. it was med fried eggs (traditionally poached) on a bed of tzatziki topped with some butter i melted down with alleppo chili flakes and paprika and drizzled some olive oil over it. ate it with some sourdough toast. it truly was amazing.': 1, "pineapple chow. it's essentially pineapple with herbs, garlic, and hot peppers/hot sauce. super good stuff.": 1, 'swedish casserole called flying jacob:\n\nrotisserie chicken with italian seasoning\n\ncooked bacon\n\nwhipped cream with heinz chili sauce and curry powder folded in\n\ncashews and peanuts\n\nsliced banana\n\ningredients are layered and baked. \n\nserved with rice. spectacular taste.': 1, 'rose hip jam and cheese': 1, 'tuna and mac and cheese.': 1, 'we just tried a watermelon and feta salad last night and it was amazing. also peanut butter on hamburgers!': 1, 'had a peanut butter banana bacon burger and it was amazing. had it a second time a year later and it was gross. same burger joint and everything but it was amazing that first time.': 1, 'cookies and cream ice cream?? nah....\n\ncooked your long grain rice (type of rice is optional), cook it again with enough full cream milk until it became porridge, then add oreo... mix well and cook for a while. done! cookies and cream rice is served!!!!': 1, 'dipping pizza in ketchup. it sounded so weird, like why bother?? it already has tomato sauce. but it’s actually pretty good.': 1, 'i have a tough time eating pizza without dipping in barbecue sauce. i can see what you mean.': 1, 'not a good per day but ginger and zambuca pairs very well, to the point my friends who don’t like licorice have liked it.': 1, 'wasabi almond toffees.': 1, 'guava preserves and sriracha': 1, "maybe not that weird, but one of my favorite ever snacks:  roasted peppers and cut up artichoke hearts heated in a saute pan.  just as they get a slight char, toss them with goat cheese.  when that's all a sloppy mess, put it between two toasted corn tortillas.  it's so good.": 1, 'you had me for a while, but the tortillas is what threw me for a loop. that sounds interesting!!': 1, 'thank you. i am going to definitely try this.': 1, 'i put a generous heap of grated parmesan cheese and hot sauce on chicken flavored instant ramen. maybe not entirely "weird" but i\'m always very pleased with how it turns out.': 1, 'i made a peanut butter and muffaletta sandwich once and it was great': 1, 'sweet potatoes and peanut butter or almond butter - it’s my favorite snack!': 1, 'my (chef) uncle once threw together an improvised dinner by sautéing a whole onion, milk, and prunes which he wrapped in flour tortillas. as a (former) picky eater i was horrified watching the process and blown away by the result. still don’t get it.': 1, 'watermelon and prosciutto with feta and mint. it hit all the right notes!': 1, 'toast with peanut butter, sriracha, sliced tomato, salt and pepper. perfect umami. enjoy': 1, 'salad: arugula, peach, nectarine, apple, gorgonzola, olive oil and balsamic vinegar.': 1, 'crunchy peanut butter on a bacon burger. hot sauce on nacho cheese doritos': 1, 'i can’t remember the exact recipe. but a friends mom always made a potato salad that consisted of small new potatoes (cooked and halved/quartered), olive oil, mint leaves, salt and pepper, maybe some garlic? serve at room temp. that shit would be gone in minutes.': 1, 'peanut butter in chili': 1, "there's a place here that serves a pb&j burger that's surprisingly good. it's not just straight peanut butter and jelly on a patty, but bacon jelly and chipotle peanut butter. strange combo but quite good.": 1, 'pine nuts basil icecream is actually pretty good\n\npeach and champagne jam is amazing!': 1, 'ruffles chips and chocolate ice cream.': 1, 'grilled peach, spicy grilled portobello and avacado burger. smoky, sweet and delicious': 1, 'cottage cheese + raw egg + sugar. mixed up. \n\ncooked spaghetti noodles + grape jelly + butter + sprinkled sugar. \n\npeanut butter and pickle sandwich.': 1, 'croissants with ketchup.\n\n_thanks earthbound_': 1, "hot chocolate and cheese (queso fresco specifically but i think any white cheese would work). i was very skeptical lol. my husband is half colombian though and his family has it fairly often and they got me hooked. it's even better with mexican hot chocolate too.\n\ngreen apple, cheddar cheese, and sauerkraut quesadillas. wayyy better than it sounds. i found a recipe online and decided to give it a go and it turned out pretty good.": 1, 'i’ve always liked maple syrup and bacon together. i don’t really like either of them separately, but together the salt and sugar balance each other out and it’s delicious!': 1, 'bbq lays on a pb&j. the crunch and salt take the pb&j to the next level': 1, 'we dip strawberries in sour cream and then brown sugar. \n\nevery time i tell people, they go, “you mean whipped cream?” no! sour cream!': 1, 'big hunks of mature parmesan and honey.': 1, 'cream cheese and jelly on toast. simple. delicious.': 1, 'these might be basic, but a few things that surprised me when i first had them:  \n - salad with blueberries, thinly sliced red onion, basic balsamic vinegar dressing. i usually add some sort of nut slivers and chicken to this as well.  \n - chocolate-covered figs or a combination of chocolate, fig, and ice cream.': 1, 'i once made oatmeal with pesto and cheese with some garlic butter seasoning. tasted amazing!': 1, 'mixed in ham and cheese into pancake batter. heavenly. now whenever i go to dennys or ihop the waitress looks at me with confusion': 1, 'peanut butter and bananas on wasabi rice crackers. i did it by accident once and it became a frequent snack during college for me.': 1, 'garlic bread and bbq sauce. nothing is the same now.': 1, "burger with maple syrup!\n\ni love burgers, in a will-eat-until-incapacitated kind of way. i am also a somewhat picky eater who tends to stick to the tried-and-tested experiences. well, i was feeling adventurous one day and ordered that aforementioned burger because why not. it's from a local chain and my god, that's the best burger i've ever had. when i tell people about this glorious creation, they wince with disgust and disappointment in my palate. they don't know what's missing from their lives and just aren't brave enough to find out :d\n\nhere's what it's in the burger: brioche buns, 2x patty, crispy bacon, american cheese, butterhead lettuce, egg, sweet onions, house-made mayo and maple syrup. if you ever see something like it, don't hesitate!": 1, 'fried eggs with “julienned” dill pickles. so damn good! with some hash browns on the side? mmm mmm mmmm!': 1, 'eggs and pickles!? i may have to try that.': 1, 'do it!!! my sister in law made it by mistake haha. we were talking about pickled eggs and the following morning she made us fried eggs with pickles in it for brunch. we had a good laugh - but i genuinely really enjoyed it!!!': 1, 'cheddar cheese and raspberry jam sandwiches': 1, 'popcorn and cocoa puffs': 1, 'peanut butter and bologna sandwich (using skippy, jif or something like that, natural stuff isn’t the same). delicious': 1, "this one isn't that abnormal, but cheddar cheese on apple pie is wonderful. i also like to dip cheddar cheese in maple syrup (or eagle brand syrup is good too).": 1, 'salami sandwiches with fresh blackberry jam.  my co worker force fed this to me one time.  it sounded so weird, but it was so good.': 1, 'a place in my city does a soy sauce caramel that they serve with their shiitake steam buns. the salty sweet and umami make such a good combo.\n\nalso my family has always served chili over mashed potatoes. i’ve never really seen anyone else do it but everyone i’ve made it for loves it.\n\nedit: some other favorites i thought of\n\nrosemary chocolate chip cookies\npeanut butter and black pepper on oatmeal': 1, 'okay so i’m on vacation in cuba and you have to come up with some shit or else you’re eating shit, i would get grilled chicken and bread with buter in between. a normal sandwich': 1, 'not my cup of tea, but my friends enjoyed digestive biscuit with orange juice and french fries with ice cream lolll': 1, 'peanut butter and miracle whip with iceberg lettuce sandwich.': 1, 'original chips with chocolate custard as a dip is delicious, plays with the salty sweet taste mmm also this probably sounds gross but a peanut butter sandwich with either lettuce and pepper or baby spinach and pepper.': 1, 'salt and pepper on cantaloupe. my husband turned me on to this.': 1, 'at the state fair one year i had deep fried jalapeños stuffed with sour cream and served with a thin raspberry preserve for dipping. \n\ni also love hot buttered toast with marmite and honey.': 1, 'vanilla ice cream or gelato with high quality olive oil and a little sea salt 🤤': 1, "chocolate chip bagel with salmon schmear. i used to order this from einstein's bagels when i was pregnant and kept getting them after i gave birth. the employees thought it was gross, but the sweet and salty combo is so good.": 1, 'yellow mustard on corn': 1, 'popcorn dipped in guacamole or pizza with pickles, cilantro, and goat cheese 😍': 1}